David , Chou .
Well , maybe I'll tag along and watch how you talk .
That's right , Dave . I tricked you into giving a confession . And I've recorded every word of it .
I'll pick you up around 8: 00 .
It deserves . That film can give us a lot of inspiration .
Here we are . This is Wangfujing Street .
Oh , sorry sir . We take no tips here . Thank you all the same .
No . Now would you like to help me look for the book ?
Hi , buddy ! How do you deal with your salary ?
The picture in the listing shows a lovely master suite . I think that we should go look at it since we are here .
Of course not . She was said to be the most beautiful woman in her time and that made her become the queen . They play was famous for its singing and dancing .
No , honey , go and read it . You'll learn .
Excuse me , can I deposit valuables here ?
Oh , How annoying !
You are right . I won't cry anymore .
You ' re a real friend in need .
No , there's no parking sign .
I've been great . What about you ?
You look very young .
All right . I'll take your words at that .
Yes , I was chosen as a Three Goods student many times in college .
I ' m looking forward to seeing the famous castle and prison . Many historic figures were imprisoned there in the past . I really want to see the crown jewels too .
That's great . We'll also need details of your occupation .
I feel it is OK and I want to give it a try .
What ? I thought you liked Patricia .
Don't mention it . That's what friends are for !
Hello . Mr . Higgins , please .
My fish has good seasoning but is a little dry .
Yeah , I just got one the other day .
Is she chubby ?
Oh , yes . I should be there some time next spring .
The handicapped logo with blue means that you are not to park there unless you have a handicapped permit . Will you mostly be parking during the day or the night ?
It costs 125 dollars a month .
That's too much of hassle . We just want a little bigger parking space .
Sure , when ?
A piece of cake ?
Seventy cents a piece .
What would you like to go with your steak ?
I found out when Jim's birthday is . It's this Friday .
We just weren't right for each other .
Yeah , the doctor said that I can leave soon . I really miss home .
No , you don't ! I should treat my new brother-in-law !
Apparently somebody took that book out of the library .
Yes . Shall we buy some saucers ? It will be used during our picnic .
I won't be paying you for this .
It usually takes 2 to 3 weeks to complete a job like that .
Here you are . You'll find the sugar just over there .
To be honest , I ' m not , and I regret a little what I have done .
I'd like to call on you this weekend . I just want to a drop in for a chat .
The waitress is walking over here with our check even as we speak .
You don ' t look like enjoying this workout .
Well , they just look a bit funny . but far from making a laughing stock out of you .
Does your child still believe in Santa Claus ?
Oh , I feel ok but I ' m still very tired .
I want some chocolate .
Hah ! OK . Let ' s go together !
Is this your first time here ? Where are you going ?
Hello , can I help you ?
Oh , she is going to be a great mother .
Plenty . We never worry about lack of rainwater in our area .
The doctor sent me over here to have my blood drawn .
Is it all right for you to pay the bill this evening ?
I hope you can make the new cards just like my old cards .
Thanks . Er , mister , if I want to deposit checks next time . what should I do ?
I can't accept your excuse . It's five o'clock .
Hello . Good morning , Stately Restaurant . May I help you ?
Good , I like it .
Yes , I have learned Japanese as well .
So far I haven ' t met any particular kind . However , I may rule out those who prefer chatting to working .
Sure , Liv , what can I do for you ?
Where is the house ?
I just got a message from my sister saying that she's been in a car accident . I need to go pick her up .
Excuse me , are you Sara Wilson ?
I'm on the corner of the Fifth and Mane .
Sure , I would like a Coke .
Yes
Barbie is our best seller . She's only $ 29 . 95 .
Would you like to call home ?
Much better than the last one , huh ?
No , thanks . You ' Ve done a lot for me already . Thank you for everything .
Thanks a bunch .
We need you to urinate like you normally would , and then stop and finish into the cup .
I wonder if you could help me ?
No , never .
I always like to go for a walk before a supper .
But , ladies , the room ' s not yet ready . It will be delay about half an hour . Perhaps you can fill the registration form first . And rest at the lobby for a while . We ' ll let you know when the room ' s ready .
Ok , cool .
So what do I need to do ?
The Pyramids are amazing ! Millions of gigantic stones ... each one perfect ...
Did you go to school today ?
All right . I will get them for you .
What about your mother ?
Oh no .
Thanks , but I speak English with a strong German accent .
Why asking that ? It's often the sort of Dutch treat .
What are you talking about , we've tried everything !
And we ' ll all help you .
I can ' t just now , Susan . Could we get together this afternoon ? What ' s it about ?
Are you sure you're finished ?
Cindy told me about you in our gym class .
Actually , would you mind looking after my pet tarantula and snake for a couple of weeks ?
I study every night .
I think so . But can I try another one ? I don't like the color .
Yes , you are charged 50 cents a piece .
It is really early , isn't it ?
You did it yourself ? Wow , you are good !
Oh , yea . I forgot . So how did it go ?
Are you going to tell me about the stamp , or not ?
How about tomorrow afternoon ?
Would you mind moving to the middle of the bus ?
I want you in bed , right now , so sweet dreams .
IBA , Maria speaking . How can I help ?
I ' Ve got a fever and really a bad headache .
Yeah , it's very easy . But it's above Nick's head
R :: Mr . Aaron Johnson , phone number is 3242-5827 . Excuse me , how do you spell your first name ?
Would you please tell us how to review our lessons ?
I want to try on this pair .
I hope it hasn't left without me .
I wish we hadn't come up here . Now we'll probably be here for days .
Never do that again .
They went to their stores to get one . Here they come with it now !
I'm sorry , but I don't think so .
Daddy , don't mention it .
Yes , I like it . I'm going to get it .
Over 2 million .
I'm tired of dancing .
I can be reached at my office during work hours and at home in the evening . My office phone number and home phone number are in my resume .
Yes , thank you . I am really far behind on this project . Could you help me with the extra typing or xeroxing ?
How will you pay , cash or charge ?
No , I'm afraid we'll have to cancel the order . I'm not sure whether it agrees with me .
Oh , don't mention it .
I heard they were just married for 5 months .
Under the sign for the gas station , there will be a smaller sign that says Self-Serve or Full-Service . And some gas stations have both . But if they have both , some pumps will be self-serve and some will be full-serve . You have to look at the signs .
The memo went out three days ago . It should have made it to your in-box , but maybe it got lost in all the clutter on your desk .
How about I get pizza and you get a burger ?
To be honest , I have no idea about these things ! But I'm sure that's alright .
Do you know which channel it is on ?
That's great . Will that be cash , check , or credit card ?
Yes . It depends . If you have a large order , we will give you a discount .
That comes to H . K . $ 120 .
This is going to take more time than I thought .
Not really . I'm expected to attend a meeting .
Vacation time is important to me . I would be willing to give up these other items in order to receive more vacation days .
Yes , is there something wrong ?
Shall we arrange a bail boy to pick up your luggage at nine o ' clock ?
I know , but I am really sick .
That's great . I'll tell my mother about it .
It's my health-conscious lunch , good for my health and beauty .
This one . It is of the best quality and excellently tailored as well . You may try it on .
That sounds ideal .
I need a passport .
Yes , but my house has large windows and so gets lots of sun . And it has a small balcony at the top .
That would be okay if I had an Ethernet port . Unfortunately , my laptop uses wireless only .
Never wear loose clothes or hair when operating the shredder .
Where in China is Guangzhou ?
We want to order 900 dozen .
I ' m going to give everyone on the team an extra day off . Everyone deserves it .
How would you like to pay , Ms . Jones ?
No , I couldn't fall asleep last night .
Both my items will fit under the seat or in the overhead bin .
I was wondering if you could get together with me to go over the payroll .
Yes , but you might have told me before .
Since I first met my wife , about three years .
What is this ? I didn't order that .
Hi . Is there anything I can do for you ?
Yes . I use it to find products and components at the lowest price for my company . It can be frustrating when the connection is poor .
How's your work ?
Well , I've always used the Bank Book , but now I have this card . I don't know how to use it in the machine .
Is there anybody acting as mediator in the dispute ?
That's great ! You need to prepare for it .
Yeah , that is what the holiday is for , isn't it ?
Hmm , how about seven ? I can treat you to dinner .
Cool ! We can watch Ally Mcneal !
Cartons are comparatively light , and there fore easy to handle . They'll not be stowed away with the heavy cargo . Besides , we'll reinforce the cartons with metal straps .
What ' s the matter ? Didn ' t you sleep well last night ?
You're a light weight .
What are you doing ?
it's just we've been planning to go the beach for a while , and we decided we could both make it this weekend . Then out of nowhere she called me up , said her boyfriend had made plans and that she nee
Yeah . I need to .
Haha ! I actually think that many locals would disagree with you ; they are all dying to be paid in US dollars .
Yeah . My grandmother gets by on social security and the money my grandfather invested when he was alive .
While you're picking out a record to play , I'll grab a couple of beers out of the refrigerator .
Two .
Alright . Next time , we can try some other flavors .
Please fill in this application and sign your name down here , at the bottom .
My pleasure . ( It was my pleasure . )
I need about a pound of ground beef .
Do you want to take the jet ski ?
Excuse me , is this seat taken ?
Hello , Grace . That's a beautiful skirt you have on . Where are you going ?
There are two reasons for me to do it . First , I'm sure that there will be more opportunities for advancement If I enter your enterprise . Secondly , I'd like to acquaint myself with American culture if possible .
If you like Sons , then I'm sure you'll love Whole Foods .
Good idea . We should also get pedicures and manicures .
Certainly , it would be my pleasure , Mr . Smith .
My mother and my wife are always holding different ideas .
Do I have to change ?
Until what ? What happened ? Did you see it clearly ? Did it attack you ?
Be brave , young man . Only girls cry when given an injection .
I got you . Their competitive edge lies mainly in endurance and stamina . They are creatures from the savannah , and take to running like antelopes .
What kind of shoes ?
That would be twenty yuan , sir . We charge only by the number of hours , no split of each hour .
( They walk over to the apartment . ) As you can see , it's large and completely furnished .
just a few years ago . What about you ?
I guess I'd better go now .
Yes , and I have no idea how to do it .
The vegetables are kind of mushy .
Really , it's so beautiful .
I just transferred from another school .
I ' m glad to hear that .
Loretta ? No , she can't come , she's busy .
Well , he was very good to me . He helped me edit my essay for the scholarship contest . So I want to spend at least 75 dollars .
Probably , Iris . That must be the job of nutritionists .
I see . The plants that fascinate me most are cacti . I find it amazing that they can survive in such dry desert conditions .
I've made a tough decision , sir . Here's my resignation .
Frankly speaking , the price you offer is too high . We can't accept it .
That's exactly my understanding .
It's a document from the seller to the buyer . It contains full particulars of the goods sold , such as quantity , quality , price , forwarding particulars , and terms of payment .
You are going to work as my office secretary from next Monday . Right now I want to show you the rules of our company .
Not really , maybe we can just order some bread .
Do you have anything in particular that you would like our firm to take into account ?
I am . What ' s more , his wife is 84 .
OK , I'm finished . Here's your form and my old card .
I came to your store yesterday and have come back today to make a final decision . I think I like the black leather suite . It's on sale , isn't it .
What's the make of your camera ?
Okay . For a party that size , we have a separate banquet room in the back .
Hi , my name is Violet . Come with me , and I'll help you wash your hair .
Not too bad , I suppose .
Weigh ? It must be a greatest Chinese invention . I've tried hard to learn it . Its rules can't be any simpler , but I've never won a game of Go . Well , it's all Greek to me !
Oh , yes . Erm , well , what exactly is it that interests you about the job ?
It costs $ 65 to buy a monthly pass .
Hello , miss . Where is the button that controls my seat ?
Was he unhappy with you not attending the meeting ?
Hello ! Are you shopping here today ? Haven't I seen you in some flea markets and thrift shops a couple of times ?
Jim . I heard you got a promotion !
A big one would be nice .
OK . You can keep it as long as you need .
I grew up cooking . My mother shared her recipes with me .
I think I ' d like to just get another stereo , please .
Late in the afternoon , after work .
Hi there ! My name's Terry Graham . You're new around here , huh ?
Surely . As this is the latest model , and you can also set the alarm .
oh , sure . In British , students don ' t have to take the foundation course .
Sure ( They get on the boat ) .
I know what you mean , it leaves a lot to be desired .
I'd like to have an ice cream
Mm . All my children hope to go to college . Right ?
Well , we come here almost every month .
Back to live with my parents . That ' s something else I used to do before we were married . Remember ?
Hey , Ray , what are you doing right now ?
Did you have anything specific in mind ?
What sort of western food do you like best ?
Could you tell me something about your previous job ?
We do not currently offer any retirement plan .
After you try it once this way , I don't think you'll ever put off studying till the end again .
Very well , thank you . And you ?
I'm studying medicine .
Alright . thanks .
It seems you got here at good time . Do you have a bus schedule ?
Yes , I'd like to know the exchange rate for yen .
I need to get one .
I ' d say the main reason is poverty . Countries and their people get frustrated because they have so little . If their neighbors have some resources , they try to steal them by military force .
Zina , I hope you're not scheming to make Elvin look bad .
Excuse me , Alex ?
Well , I'm thinking of going to see the ballet Swan Lake by the famous Russian National Ballet Troupe this evening at Beijing Grand Theater . Why don't you join me ?
You mean that he is bad-tempered and often gets angry with you .
I already did .
You bet it .
Will you please have the check certified ?
I'd rather get one with separated speakers . They give a clear sound .
Do you want to play poker ?
Do you know how late it is ?
Thank you for returning my call .
But we have a policy of paying according to seniority in the company , so new employees get quite low salary , no matter how excellent they have done .
Yes , what's your name ?
Oh , she ' s just fine . She ' s so grown up now .
well then , this could be a nice opportunity to enjoy it together . I bet you'd love it .
Mary , it was wrong of you to be so late . Mother ' s very worried .
So now Mexican pesos are worth about half as much .
Well . I'm not everyone else's father . I think you need to be in the house by ten o'clock .
Carrie , I want to buy a pair of leather shoes to wear for the interview tomorrow .
Yes , you can use your cell phone during the boarding process until the aircraft door is closed .
So you will stay until 9th ?
If it were up to Tom , we'd have the wedding in the ETV ? He loves to sing .
Oh , I wouldn't worry about it .
I used your computer . And I ' m afraid I ' Ve erased your personal files accidentally .
And so I bought all these books on having kids and ...
I'm going to try sky diving this weekend .
Sorry , here .
I have a part-time job now , so I work in the evenings .
B :: Miao Eng ! I'd know that voice anywhere . What can I do for you ? Any problems ?
I would love the help ! Would you prefer helping with the writing part or is programming more your thing ?
In the end it was a nice evening and I got an iPad as my birthday present which I wanted for a while .
Good to see you again , too . How ' s you family ?
Could you explain in detail ?
You see , but I do business on a commission basis . A commission on your prices would make it easier for me to promote sales . Even two or three percent would help .
What kind of price did you want ?
well , first , I'd like to buy a few postcards . My sister used to always send a postcard to herself whenever she went anywhere . I want to do that , too .
No . This time I'll try Chinese wine .
I'm grateful to you .
Congratulations ! How can you get such a good opportunity to be trained overseas ?
I realize that . We don ' t have any time to waste . I can put you down for 9:20 . Could you make that , Mr . Parker ?
What comes next ?
Not a good day . I hate to tell you that Mr . Thomas wants to see the profit ' s statement for new project tomorrow morning .
No , there isn't , but there are some vegetables .
This problem has been happening for a few days now .
How much are you looking to rent it for ?
Oh , come on ! Don't be so sour . These are beautiful shirts . I know if we don't buy some today , you will never go shopping by yourself .
What kind do you want to get ?
Salary can be negotiated once we officially offer you the job .
David , what have you been up to lately ?
You need at least $ 100 in your account .
I just wanted to say thanks for putting us on the map so fast . I appreciate it .
Do you have this model in white ?
Number 13 buses run much more frequently , don't they ?
You're a quart low .
Actually , i could you some help . Thank you so much .
Are the galaxies in the universe moving through space ?
Why don't you do your shopping at home ?
Do you want to watch it ?
You're welcome at any time .
Really ? Perhaps I should listen to classical music often . I heard that listening to classical music is helpful in reducing stress .
all right . Would you please stand closer to the flower bed ? Good . Smile . Say " cheese " . OK , got you . That's terrific .
Look at my cell phone . I can listen to music , watch movies , take pictures , play games , surf the web and download documents . It's just like a PAD .
Cooke & Co . does a lot of placements in your field .
Have you been getting enough sleep lately ?
OK , I'll process that for you now .
Hi , Madam , I'm new here , could you tell me where is boarding gate ?
thanks . Would you mind taking a look at the layout ? Do you think it ' s appropriate ? I want it to be formal , but not boring to look at .
Yes , I think so . Flight KL638 is still at the airport due to the hurricane .
If we are to modernize our information processing , manufacturing system and management code , we need to complete our office automation .
People always seem to make jokes as a way to deal with unfortunate situations .
All right , then . Why don't we say next Tuesday at 11:30 a . m . ?
All right . Carton or no carton , the packaging must be waterproof as well as strong enough to stand shock and rough handling .
I'm afraid I have to go now . The plane will take off soon .
What sort of experience do you have ?
Manchester United . What about you ?
Yes , I am . I have life insurance and my home and its contents are also insured .
Don ' t you know it ' s rude to ask a lady her age ?
Hey , Trev ! How did the shopping go ?
Hi . John , it ' s Emily . How ' s everything ?
My present monthly salary is $ 1,500 .
I think it's soon , maybe in a few months . It was renewed in Beijing , so the new expiry date is on the last page .
That's coincidence , someone's just returned two tickets and I picked them .
what do you have for breakfast ?
There are two types of L / C here and I'm not sure which one I want .
Toronto is really a lovely place to visit .
thank you . Is your company going to move to other cities ?
In that case , I won ' t keep you any longer . Drop in anytime .
But , Sharon , that's illegal ! The police could come , and we could go to jail .
unfortunately not . He was charged with a DUI when he was in university .
Thank you . No . I ' m late for dinner at my house . I really have to go .
I suppose you ' re right , Lee . Maybe that ' s why so many Westerners are overweight .
I work in marketing . I'm a regional marketing manager for an IT company . Normally , I work out of Beijing , but I'm here on business . My friend Judy over there , she lives here and she invited me to this party . And you ? How about you ?
I ' ll show you around and explain the operation as we go along .
That's a big mistake , you should always have a good breakfast . You will not run your car without fuel , and yet you expect your body to work without food .
I think so . I see it by the radio this morning .
To meet you half way , what do you say if 50 % by L / C and the balance by D / P ?
Yeah . There's a lot we can do to help him through this transition .
My mom phoned me this morning , and asked me to go back home to have housework chores .
That doesn ' t make any sense .
Oh , that sounds terrible . Would you be happier with higher pay here ? I " m sure something can be worked out .
My pleasure , Sir . Bye .
This question has really been bothering me . I like Chinese literature , you know . But economics is really hot now , and it has a very good career prospect .
He is our accountant .
What finance experience makes you qualified for this position ?
500 US dollars .
Excuse me . I am looking for a book called Little Women , but I can't find it anywhere .
I'd be happy to write one for you .
Oh , no . On the contrary , there are many beautiful days , especially in the spring and fall .
Nobody told me .
You heard who won the election , didn ' t you ?
OK . She's a costume designer and works in a garment mill .
I look like a nerd .
I'm almost done .
How do you sleep ?
That's a pity . How about Thursday ?
wait a minute . Let me throw on a sweater .
Julia , I have good news for you .
Yes , but the gas and the battery both have to stay working . We can't just let the car run and run . If we do , it will die soon . Then we'll freeze .
Well , I'm leaving Japan and I'm going back to London , tomorrow .
That's all right . What can I do ?
And would you like salad ? The salad plate today is lettuce , tomatoes , and black olives .
Mr . : Furthermore , when you are dismissed in the afternoon , you will be divided into two waves .
Yes , could you put me in the non-smoking section ?
How far is it from the Wort Street ?
He told me that if I showed up late one more time , he'd fire me . He's so mean !
I'm afraid not . We insist on a letter of credit .
I like to travel and I also like meeting various kinds of people .
I'm watching you .
Well , yes . I'll give him the medicine , too .
Wow ! It's hot today ! Do you want to get an ice cream cone ?
Yeah , I've been working out a lot .
The remote control doesn't work . I turned on the television , but I can't change the channel .
It went off 30 minutes ago .
Yeah , after receiving my yearly bouns , I want to search out better opportunities in the spring job market . I've been working in the company for nearly a year and a half and I still haven't received a pay rise . It's unfair .
Like who ?
Is this watch yours ?
Maybe you could have a look at this one .
OK , can I bring a date with me ?
What do you think are the main causes of war today ?
Wow . That sounds like a lot of fun . I am sorry I missed it .
Let me have a look . Whoa ! Get away from me !
of course , that's something really irritating . And the only way to avoid being trapped is to know in advance about the real worth of the stuff . I recommend you to consult the price tags in the supermarket first . And then you may negotiate for a fair deal .
Would you please wait this letter to see with the postages ?
How about some Oolong tea ? It's very popular with our guests .
I surely know that . Don't forget that I am a regular customer here .
I suppose he won't come back until 6 p . m . By the way , do you want to call later , or would you like to leave a message ?
Is it so easy ? I never experienced this . Can you tell me something about it ?
Can I buy these tax free ?
I'm sorry to have bothered you .
Oh , I'm a little busy these days .
Ouch , that hurts -- did you have to mention her name ?
Yes , of course . When you hear the fire alarm , which is a very loud , continuous ringing noise , you should go to the nearest fire exit or fire escape as quickly as possible .
Mary seems depressed . What ' s the matter ?
Don't forget to say " Thank you " when you take a seat .
I would rather buy them somewhere else .
We seem to be lost here .
Family members usually get together on the Eve of the New Year and have a special dinner to celebrate . Relatives and friends often visit each other during the holiday to wish each other a happy new year .
What should we do this Saturday ?
Well , I don ' t know .
John , have you ever watched Beijing Opera ?
And what is the problem ?
You look really beautiful in it .
What kind of drink do you want with those meals ?
Oh ! Hey , look , that's the same shirt Britney wore in her concert .
Very much . What time ?
Each month it'll cost $ 24 for a new sticker .
I think the slight pay decrease might be worth it . The benefits are much better .
Yes , I can . To tell you the truth , I ' m the best nearby .
I forgot .
I think you're right . Thank you .
Do you have some questions ?
Tomorrow afternoon . Um ... When do you think I can come and see him tomorrow afternoon ?
No , France isn't very mountainous . But it does contain the Pyrenees , a large mountain range with high peaks and deep canyons . What kind of Climate does Japan have ?
Well , if you put it this way , I'll have to comply . When shall we sign the contract , Mrs . Brown ?
What happens on the holiday ?
Did you take a photo with her ?
posters are difficult to travel with . I think I'll just buy the postcards . I heard that you might also have some of the masks that are made in Venice .
Because I ' m not in the mood , that ' s why .
Hi ! How are you doing ?
Why not ? We should do it . Because now we can afford it .
Anytime .
Yes , you're on time . Are you often late ?
We'll be coming in tomorrow to make a rather large cash withdrawal , it's for payroll .
100 for immediate delivery , and 500 in two months time . that ' s by the end of July
I ' m paid 2,000 yuan per month plus some allowances and bonus as that come to about 3,000 yuan a month . How much will you pay me ?
I've also brought some magazines for you . I hope they'll keep you from getting bored while you're in the hospital .
They are cucumbers . They are natural skin soothers , natural healers of the skin . Haven ' t you heard them say on TV that ... eh ... they soften the skin , wipe out the roughness , counter irritation and build strength and resilience ?
I ' m sorry ? !
25 yuan , please .
You look upset , is there anything wrong ?
And no hijackers .
200 yuan a week , but smoking is not allowed .
I'm not really sure if it does or not .
You have to do it . But it takes only about 30 minutes .
there's an open mic night at the pub down the road every Thursday night where my favorite local band usually plays . You should come along next week with me .
Well , are there any other advantages ?
A sack of cherries , please .
Who's she then ?
Can you turn the lazy Susan for me ? I want some more chicken .
By crunching the numbers and putting in your expenses , I estimate that you can afford a house of around five hundred thousand dollars .
Oh , really ? Which bulletin board ?
All right . Thank you very much .
Yeah ? Why ? Don ' t you like living with me ?
I know . But hard work pays off , you know .
What is your case against the police ?
It is a little more expensive , sir . But there is one important advantage which your son might appreciate .
Who is it ?
I ... er ... I just want to know if you could lend me a few bucks .
Mary is really a diligent girl .
All right , sir . Please reconfirm your ticket no later than 12 noon two days before the flight ; otherwise , your reservation will automatically be canceled .
What were you writing ?
When will your wedding take place ?
Besides , don't make it too loose .
Other company rules also need your attention .
The port is quite exquisite . It must have spent years aging in barrels . Am I right ?
But she took her luggage away with her .
Sure . Where shall I begin ?
I love your bracelet . When did you get it ?
Couldn ' t be better . And you ?
What's the matter , Paul ?
Sure . We have one on the second floor .
You must like negotiating a lot . People are saying , you are a super negotiator .
This bus goes all the way to Santa Anita mall , right ?
Sure ... what's up ?
What's wrong with the TV ? It isn't clear and the color's not right .
Pleased to see you . too .
Have you had anything to eat lately ?
Don ' t worry , madam . I guess we should get there not later than 1:30 p . m .
Wow ... I thought he was early forty stops , why would he want to retire so soon ?
It's possible to sign an agreement with us , and then we can pay your staff directly . That is called an Entrustment Agreement .
My luggage isn't enough of a deposit ?
Well , I was just wondering . . . you see , I know I ' Ve used up all my vacation days this year , but my sister is getting married , and the wedding is overseas , and , well . . .
We just got one in yesterday , so now we have six .
When are you going on vacation ?
There's a big problem with my room . I'm in 507 .
Why are you feeling depress ?
Last time I checked , it was pretty empty .
Have you finished ?
Yes , sir . I assure you it would never happen again .
Didn't you just eat ?
Thanks for the advice . I guess you ' re right . It ' s just hard to overcome my shyness . I really will try from now on . I promise .
That is quite a lot of money for just one month .
Ah , Michelle , hi . I was hoping to see you . How have you been ? How's the family ?
Are you joking ? What am I going to do with you ? We are going to a dinner party not the beach ! Wear the shirt with the silk tie I bought you and these corduroy pants . It ' s chilly outside so you can wear this coat .
You should not have criticize your son in front of his friends .
have you applied to any schools there ?
I thought paying a lower rent would be better , but now I ' m not sure .
I was responsible for helping patients restore their organic functions , training them in speech and organism , carrying our massage and physiotherapy , taking care of patients ' nutrition and diet .
I played outfield . I hated the infield because I never figured out all the bounces .
Oh , can't compare with the Kunming Expo at all ! The Kunming Expo covers an area of 218 hectares , and more than 9000 flower enterprises from over 100 countries and regions are invited to participate in the Expo .
A bunch of us in the office are planning a retiring party for Bob , he's been with the office for ages , so everyone was really surprised to hear he took early retirement .
Hello . I ' m calling about the one bedroom in Lincoln Park . Could I take a look at it ? Yes . Tonight at six is fine . Thanks .
Here's the money , keep the change .
I really hope to reach an agreement with you today that is suitable and beneficial for us both . I've thought through a lot of these details , and I hope we can have a chance to discuss them and resolve any differences this afternoon .
she doesn't usually wear lipstick . She thinks it makes her nose look too big .
Why are you shivering ?
I ' m great . Thanks .
Excuse me . Do you know how to get to the mall ?
When you are seated , bent forward a little with your hands crossed , to show you respect the interviewer .
Now I'm sure we'll never get all our things back . They're so clever these criminals . What's the point of collecting beautiful things for other people to steal ?
Yes , Mr . Smith . I have an order for three cases of cartridges , it that what you would like to refill ?
It's random . If there happen to be a lot of things going on , I may add several new entries in a week , and if I've got nothing to share , I may leave my blog untouched for weeks .
You know what ? I don't have any change for you .
That ' s no laughing matter . That means she ' ll have to take the whole course again . I can ' t believe she ' s going to have to start from the beginning .
I know . You hate the rain , don't you ?
She's not bad . She's a bit bossy , but I'm sure I'll get used to her .
That ' s lucky .
Do you live together ?
How embarrassing ! I don ' t even recognize a description of my own mother ! How important do you think appearance is ?
that sounds good .
Nothing is happening !
How do you find it ?
Thanks for coming in today , did you have any trouble finding us ? Please take a seat .
It was horrible ! I played play it much better at home !
What ' s the rate for a standard room ?
No . That ' s fine .
I'd like a gin and tonic .
You can't do that , Jenny !
France ? Is he crazy ?
Oh yes , I'm very interested in Chinese history so I ' d like to visit the Summer Palace .
OK . Thanks .
Please . Everyone enjoys hearing the benefits of something !
Sure . This library is too quiet though .
Any special colors ?
good idea .
Do I have to focus it ?
Really ? When did you decide this ?
oh , you know me . I ' m always happy ! If I think I ' m getting into a bad mood , I call some friends and socialize or have a chat .
How nice of you to remember !
Em , you ' re right .
Not to mention cooler . Did you go swimming ?
Yep ! And take it with me anywhere ! And the music is free !
well , she's alright , but not really my cup of tea . What about the blond with the red dress ?
Yes . We have an excellent service here .
We have made a lot of improvement in packing . You are welcome to see the sample in the showroom . I think you will find the new packing beautiful and quite well-done .
That happened to my oldest girl . She became really upset when her classmates told her Santa wasn't real .
To conclude the deal , I'd say a reduction of at least 15 % would help .
Yes , that sounds like a winner . Would you please call them to reserve a table ?
Well ... l like the traditional flavors like rum raisin , butter pecan . maple walnut , strawberry , chocolate and vanilla . But now there are some new flavors from Asia like green tea and durian .
It ' s just a simple decorating . I just want to add my personality to my living space .
Do you have pot service at noon ?
You ' re not going to believe what happened today . You ' Ve got to promise to keep it to yourself .
Hmm , that's all right . Shall we meet at the bar near the beach ?
I guess you'll read the fine print next time , won't you !
Nurse , I am sure to die soon . They just don't tell me the truth , I know .
Are you feeling better today , Bill ?
Like this ?
Your face is so red , you must running a temperature .
You must take the signed add slip to the Admissions and Records Office to add the class . Do you know where that is ?
Is there any ticket for New York left ? I want to go coach .
Aw come on ! It ' s just some innocent fun ! You know how these things are ! We are gonna play drinking games , get him some gag gifts and just have a good time . Nothing too over the top .
You may have a little bit of a dry cough , but you will feel much better .
sounds fun . what else ?
Don't worry . I can give you a lift .
Hi , what's your name ?
How about a movie tonight ?
I am not sure . You can check with the finance department .
What a great idea ! Now you have a friendly audience to practice with !
Oh , how was it ?
Forex registration ?
I ' m thinking about redecorating my bedroom . I bought this magazine in order to get some ideas . What do you think of this ?
What do you think a job is ?
Sure , sir . But there is a charge for alcoholic beverages in economy class . Would you please refer to this price list ? And then give me your order .
I ' m kind of useless in that area , but I ' ll take a look at it .
Let ' s just hope the politicians don ' t figure out a way to spend it .
Here is the final draft of our contract . I'm glad that we have reached an agreement on almost every term in our trade .
I started school somewhere else .
Oh , it's really a drag .
In the morning , if possible .
John eng
Hey doc . Well , I think I might need glasses . I ' m getting headaches , and I really struggle to see things that are far away . But I have always had 20/20 vision .
We'll miss you . I hope we'll keep in touch .
It was fun for me , too . It gave me a chance to get away from my routine and do something a little different .
What else did she tell you ? Did she tell you how many miles there are on it ?
Nothing much . What about you ? Is everything going well ?
What do you do , Susan ?
leo , I really think you ' re beating around the bush with this guy . I know he used to be your best friend in college , but I really think it ' s time to lay down the law .
Honey , you really forgot about it ? Think it over . It's a candlelight dinner .
Yes , just tinned meat .
How much longer is it going to be ?
Why don't you talk to your boss about it ? If you talk to him , he will surely understand .
I've never given a speech in front of a thousand people before .
Great . Let's go .
I guess so . I live next door but one , and hope you'll drop in now and then .
I look at myself in the mirror . Sometimes , it ' s not a pleasant sight , especially if I have been out late the late before .
I just don ' t find it very interesting .
Tom , I married Julia last month . Have you already known it ?
Then you must know a lot about skating .
Sorry , sir . The angelica is out of stock now .
Sounds like she has pretty pricy tastes .
You will be able to put your clothes on as soon as I have checked the film .
Let's go then .
That would be great . Thank you .
Yes . Can I have a look at my bill ?
That's right . I'm glad you're here . It hasn't been working properly for the last few days .
But , our business has been going down sharply the couple of months and we have to reduce some staff .
Let me think about it .
I agree with you . Do you have any questions to ask about this job ?
That's really special .
The final examination will be held at the end of this month . Have you made good preparation ?
How much commission do your consultants get ?
Okay , I'll get Bob to cover you .
Sure . Darn condoms aren ' t registered in our system .
Perhaps she makes about 25 knots an hour .
I am also thinking about the pay .
Yeah . It's been a couple of months since I saw you .
Good afternoon , sir , is there anything I can help you with today ?
When do you turn in for the night ?
You are not going to give it up , are you ?
Well , yes . I don't mind admitting that I am . I enjoyed school , but I did object to having to go in every day once we've done all our exams .
So would i . what other unusual plants did they show ?
Good morning , Miss Cai . Congratulations ! You ' Ve passed the interview .
Can Join you , Katherine ? I do want to have a try .
I could not agree with you more . For us , there are so many unhappy things and I am so bored ; however , I got lots of fun from stealing .
That sounds great .
I'm the general manager of the Far-East Industry Corporation .
I said , 11:30 AM .
They usually taste sweet , but they remind me of an orange .
There are so many record players here . That is hard to choose .
It says here that the maximum is 20,000 RIB . Is that flexible ?
What kind of information do you want ?
Is it faster if I take Highland avenue ?
I didn ' t commit the crime .
Let's order something to eat . What are you in the mood for ?
I just insert my debit card into the machine .
I am happy to hear that and I'll accept that .
London , Paris and a few other cities .
How he manages to do that is always a mystery to me .
How many cleaning ladies does your company hire ?
Let's congratulate him on Sunday .
Just kidding , Mikel . Why don't you come work out with me ?
It's really different , isn't it ?
morning , Mr . Montgomery . I ' Ve been sent over from purchasing to fill in for Clare Williams .
Let ' s go to Wangfujing by bus .
Our company is going to do some cutbacks soon .
Yes , I have received an Engineers Qualification Certificate and a drivers license .
Well , I have to take all the fundamental course , plus a few from my major .
I wait , but please bring me some bread . Maybe I'd like to have some appetizer before they get here . Please give me the menu , and let me have a look .
8826789 4 , extension to 208
But I won't let you do that . I will watch you .
But that ' ll affect the national economy .
A very powerful 2 . 5- liter turbocharged engine , Trust me , this car is fast !
If I hadn't married an Italian man , I probably wouldn't be pregnant so often . And maybe I could raise pigs instead of bambinos !
Such concern for the company , Craig ! I'm impressed .
Yes . Can you show me the menu , please ?
200yuan . I bought a computer online , so I have to pay the mortgage .
Fine . Sleep well yourself .
Yes , we do . That one comes in green blue and red .
Aren't you going to have a holiday abroad this year ?
Would you like to have dinner with me at King Hotel at 7pm ?
Just asking ? ! Why is your face burning like mad ? Ah-huh , someone has a crush on Jenny , doesn't he ?
Have you heard the news ?
Uh , A ... you know I'm friends with William .
Hey man , what do you have on tap ?
Don't you think it might be a good idea to hold the party outside ?
Hi , is you , John ?
You are going to Tian'anmen Square . No problem .
I hope everything will be smooth .
you don't look too well . Maybe you should take the day off from work .
That sounds like a good idea ! But I'm afraid my mom will be angry about it .
I think it is the worst one I have ever seen .
I've got quite a few pictures of all different kinds of fish . I'll show them to you next time I see you .
Yes . Is it easy to get around ?
Hi , Francis , morning ! How are you doing today ?
Two separate bills , please .
Excuse me , I'm looking for the airport bus stop . Do you know where it is ?
You don't have any spare change ?
You mean it shuts off to save energy ?
Four and a half going on twelve !
Hello , Mr Lawson . It's a pleasure to see you again . You seem to be in here all the time at the moment ! What can I do for you today ?
Did you find a lot of things wrong during the home inspection ?
No , I haven't . I'm awfully sorry . Can I send them to you ?
Of course . There ' s always much to learn . I got to know more about the real world .
That's a cool idea . At least it would be a surprise . But I'm afraid he wouldn't take care of it .
Ok then , head on over to the other room and pick out some frames while I fill out your prescription .
He's the US president , who walked five miles just to give a lady her change , isn't he ?
Don ' t worry , we specialize in providing our customers a relaxed , pressure-free shopping environment . That stone is an amethyst . We have a range of beautiful amethyst pieces . Take a look at this bracelet . It ' s 18K rose-gold , studded with amethyst and blue topaz . It ' s a great statement piece .
Can you describe a mango to me ?
Cindy , can you show me how to call Connecticut ?
And if people drop them , they won ' t break . We ' ll need to buy some buns to make hot dogs and hamburgers .
No , thank you , that'll be all for now .
Clive is ready to explode . Keep your eyes open .
I would like to open an account today .
Thank you very much for everything you have done for me during my stay in China .
That was such a touching speech . He must have really known Taylor well .
Is it true that rice is the staple food in most of Southeast Asia ?
You need a holiday . That ' s what's the matter .
Hug and kiss ? ! How is it possible ? Oh , it's really bad to Miun - Verstand her meaning .
Let's just look and see what they have .
I like ice cream too much though .
At 10:30 .
I see . Has she read any detective stories ?
Your office called and said that the owners had made a counter-offer to my offer to purchase their house .
How do you think of living here ?
Why don ' t we go for Teppanyaki tonight ?
I major in Chemistry .
I don ' t have much contact with them .
Julia and Anne have both taken dance lessons . They want to be famous dancer , I think .
That's very kind of you .
But I'll miss the news . It ' s important in my business to keep up with events in China .
Maybe , but really I have fallen a couple of times and it's been hit once or twice as well .
Hi , there ' s a problem with this stereo . I ' d like to return it , please .
Is there a swimming pool in your school ?
Whenever is suitable for you . I have no plans for that day .
Did you bring your ID ?
It is 260 dollars .
Maybe her uncle will .
With pleasure . It's easy to have a memory expansion on board capacity and fulfill your needs for a computer . Besides , there is more space for extra cards to expand later on .
As opposed to short and shallow ?
really ? How did you do that ?
Pretty well . I think the boss liked my ideas .
Yes , he's 6 feet tall , 200 pounds , black hair , and about 30 years old .
Then , put on your casual clothes and pack some food and beverages .
OK . When will this remittance arrive ?
Love stories ? More like one-night-stands .
How often do you ride the bus ?
Yes , I'd like to know if there would be any future opportunities for specific training .
That makes sense . But that sounds interesting . Is there one in Beijing too ?
Well , we have no problems with our credit rating , I can assure you .
Oh , lots of things . Mostly training new people .
Well ! I guess people don ' t find him so peculiar anymore .
I need paper , ink cartridges , and paper clips .
Has someone already helped you ?
Done ...
Oh , that's right . They're filming a movie up there , aren't they ?
Yes , I even can't fall asleep these days .
Boy , Todd , that was one great movie you picked out ! Thanks for asking me to go with you !
How much time do primary school students usually spend at school every day ?
That ' s right . I report to work at 5am everyday , and I only get 45 minutes for lunch .
I have read your resume . I know you have worked for 3 years . Why did you choose to major in mechanical engineering ?
As you know , before shipment , the Commodity InspectionBureau inspected the goods in question . They concluded that the goods were well dehydrated from fresh and choice material and up to standard for export .
It's also convenient , but it's usually crowded .
Even if they break down , they're still works of art .
Thanks a lot !
No . you can cut quite a bit off , I like it to be very short all over . You see what I mean .
How long did it take you to become an auditor ?
Do you mind if I come along sometime ?
Do you have any job placement services at EDD ?
It is different now . The world is becoming colorful . Some of my friends don't feel the same pressure to marry . We all want to wait for the right moment .
Thanks to global warming , it could be hotter than ever !
Wow ... She sounds like a high maintenance wife .
Is it a direct flight ?
So the price was good ?
I guess you are right . What do you think I should do ? He wasn ' t always this grouchy you know ...
Interesting . What were you reading just now ?
I think I'll have a glass of wine .
No . Peel the skin with a sharp knife , and throw out the seed .
I know you don't have an appetite , but you need to eat something . You'll get too weak if you don't eat .
I wouldn't say that's totally true . I've met many happy intercultural couples .
Is tax already included in their price ?
Our cousin went into labor and had her baby last week .
A tie ?
The most important meal of the day is breakfast .
I'd like to discuss the new order with you . Would you like to have lunch together at Garden Hotel next Tuesday ?
I'll be studying . I'm doing an MBA at Nottingham University .
That sounds simple enough . It's Friday today , I'll be back on Monday morning , first thing , with all of the relevant data . See you then , and enjoy your weekend .
I don ' t know where to get my ballot .
Yes . How much is that ?
Oh , no . I forgot .
I was anxious to find out what the sellers had to say about my counter-offer .
But it wasn ' t just you who was involved , right ? You were only doing what your supervisor told you to do .
You won't be able to tell the difference with a magnifying glass .
The 5th .
But how ? So you knew all along I was with WebTracker ? How did you know ?
I can plug it into a folding keyboard to type in message mode . I can even surf the net .
A couple of times .
They have moved to Chicago .
your mp3 looks so cool . Where did you get it ?
Hello . Are you a friend of Helen's ?
Surprise ?
There is mildew .
The doctor has examined your current situation . Since you are recovering so well , you will be discharged tomorrow .
I know . It's going to save me a lot of money , I hope .
That's a switch .
I think I sometimes try to be over-organized . So I am learning how to let some things go and concentrate on the most important part of my job .
Then I'm afraid there's none in stock .
Hold on for a moment please . I'm fetching my textbook .
Really ? How many collections do you have ?
This is Jones . Can I leave a message ?
Yes , I agree with you . When I retired I will participate in programs to keep momentally active .
Thank you . How much is it ?
Mr . Smith is really a thorough drag .
Well , I want to earn more .
Yeah , I know .
How about going to the suburbs ?
I won ' t to be here tomorrow . What are you business hours ?
Please yourself .
Good , happy birthday to you !
I don't think I have the discipline for that .
I'll go home and get Sara's number . I'll call her first myself .
Just kids like that .
Do you know his sister ?
Right , this way , please . Something to drink first ?
You look happy .
My sister and I usually go to the laundromat down the street . Why don't you go there ?
No . I'm still working on it .
Please show me that hat , please .
Sure . We can walk around to that path that leads into the woods there . Hey , look ! There are some wild ducks over there in the reeds .
Well , then , may I invite you for the next dance ?
Do you know what kind you want ?
Wonderful . I'm eager to take a sauna as soon as possible .
Do you like playing tennis ?
I bet that Lee wasn't too happy with that !
My employer . Can you come in to the office tomorrow ?
I plan on going back to school .
Hi , Mary . This is Tom .
Well , yes , but now we have six offices in California alone .
What exactly seems to be the matter ?
I am sorry . All the seats are booked . How about next Monday ?
I like this jacket . Can I try it on ?
I don ' t really have one but I support Huston .
weki , Doctor . I went to a birthday party .
Believe it or not , the interviewers are as interested in your questions as they are in your answers .
I disagree . All you have to do is respect the staff and their opinions .
That sounds great . I'm absolutely starving ! What kind of food are you in the mood for ?
I only want to transfer $ 100 .
Good morning , madam . I'd like to apply for a library card . Can you help me ?
How often do you go to the gym ?
Sure . It ' s quite far from here . Don ' t worry , though . It ' s not difficult to get there .
That sounds like a good choice for me . May I have one , please ?
What are you going to do ? Are you going to work late ?
My name is Dick Brown .
Of course not ! We have to sit at our assigned seats . I think our table is over there in the back .
Let meet this right -- -- do you want to buy the house ?
James is going to be packed off there .
That was the straw that broke the camel's back .
Me too . Do you think they are going to get the championship this time ?
It could be . There are floods in this country almost every year , but in recent years they have been more widespread and more frequent .
Have a seat , please . Now , here is the mirror . How do you like it ?
Let's see . Yes . You ' Ve got quite a high temperature .
It should take about twenty minutes to go through the main plant , and maybe another ten to take a look at the laboratory . All together our tour should last about half an hour .
How long has the pipe been leaking ?
Where exactly have you been working , please ?
But these people say nothing about that . They are worried about losing their job because there is surplus in labor force these days .
I hope so , too . Thank you , Lily . Thank you for everything .
Just the two of you ?
He's a terrible instructor and demands a lot , but fortunately , he's an easy grader .
What kind of life do you prefer , city life or country life ?
I don ' t see any wrinkles or sagging skin ! You are stop beings ridiculous . Besides , I think that people who get Boto , have facelifts , or tummy tucks look weird . It doesn ' t look natural .
Hey , Pat ! Yeah , I haven ' t seen you in ages ! How is going ?
I hope it won't be too long . It would be a shame not to take advantage of such lovely weather .
Certainly . How much will you be exchanging today ?
Whose part do you think is best played ?
Not that I know of . Why do you ask ?
I was laughing through the whole movie .
Certainly . It ' s actually the Chinese New Year and is regarded by the Chinese as the most important holiday of the year .
What's the problem ? We really can't have any delays at this stage . We're working to a really tight schedule and we're already over budget .
Come on ! Three's a crowd !
Where was your last job ?
Of course you are . I wouldn't ask you otherwise .
Is there anything uncomfortable in your room ?
Oh , no , you can't be serious . I never expect anything like this would happened . What are we going to do ?
Diana's Flowers , Diana Lin's office , may I help you ?
That's right . You have learned a lot , haven't you ?
I have two years driving experience .
Look for it yourself , please ! Kinda busy here , Daniel !
Do you know when it leaves ?
yes , I mean it .
When's he coming ?
thanks . We should be ourselves . There are so many fashion victims out there .
You know what ? I've recently been teaching myself French .
Now I came back to the hotel and try to show it to my friend , the pen is broken , I am afraid .
It costs only 25 yuan .
OK , you ' ll need to reboot your machine . Press Control , Alt and Delete at the same time .
He ' s a bit tired , you know . It often takes him a couple of hours to brush up .
I have never done that myself . But I hear it is very interesting . You two should go .
There are a few spots on it . I am afraid you will not have it tomorrow . Dry-cleaning usually takes three days .
Yes , I have . I was employed by the financial section of the university ever since I graduated . I worked there for 3 years . Then I had worked in a bank for 3 years .
I will try my best .
With an ocean view ?
Half the dough huh . Well . How would you like to earn the other half ?
Hello ! I was exhausted some studying , so I decided to read the newspaper to relax . Unfortunately , the news is so depressing . There has been another murder in the city center . I ' m shocked that the police haven ' t caught the killer yet .
Thank you , Madam . Have a nice drive !
I want some sort of candy .
Do I get a card ?
Have you been having any problems lately ?
John hasn't got married up to now .
Is a home inspection very expensive ?
Let me check the stock . How about this one ?
Let me see , I would like to work my way up to a senior management position with a company such as yours .
It's July 5th .
Will it exfoliate the skin as well ?
Can I take your drink order ?
Good . Now that the price is decided on , we can discuss the packaging .
Yes . some other time perhaps . Thanks again .
We'll sign our signatures , too . And give you our passport numbers along with our ARC numbers .
Did you vote for him ?
Hi , An . How are you ?
It ' s a big room with a king - size double bed and two single beds . You ' Ve get also an roller-wheels .
We have all kinds of movie channel packages .
Oh , I'm sorry . I didn't see the stop sign at the corner . I didn't mean it .
The one that stole a small plane ?
Take it easy ! Let ' s go to the mall , window shop a little and see if there is anything she might like .
Yes , we are . Could we have the check , please ?
No ! It's a perfect fit !
Ok . Here's my passport .
Nothing unusual , I ' m afraid .
Hi , I was wondering if you have my test results in .
I know , but sometimes interviewers just want to hear you say it . Then you may be asked for your viewpoint on why you feel you are qualified for the job , give them all your qualifications and how you think they will fit the position you are applying for . Questions like what sort of experience do you have and what are your goals ? are closely related to this .
Well , have a good day off from class .
Yeah , there're so many excellent candidates out there . Who knows which one will make it to the final ?
I've heard about that , but I've never tried it .
Frans Smith ? I think you may have the wrong number .
Thanks , I will appreciate it . How long have you been here ?
I am calling to let you know that you are expected to come for an interview in our branch .
OK . Well , to dial to the outside you just now dial the number . For a call inside the company just hit the extension number . Do you know the extensions ?
Is that room service ?
But the freight cost will be higher and that will affect the retail price .
What about in China ? What'd you do to celebrate your birthday ?
Good evening , sir . Are you ready to order now ?
Hey , This is your order .
Here you are . Thank you and goodbye .
I suppose my strong point is that I like developing new things and ideas .
May I inquire about the departure time ?
Yes , most of the shops are closed at 22:00 or even earlier , but the internet operates 24 hours a day , seven days a week , and can be accessed anywhere .
But you can see the key in his hand through the window !
I will get better soon .
I just lost my job . I'm just worried about how I'm going to pay the bills .
How are you doing , Christopher ?
No problem . What size would you like ?
You must be joking . Those two .
I understand that he ' s connected to a heart monitor and breathing apparatus . His condition can ' t be very good .
Enjoy your stay .
And do you have friend there ?
I'm calling to confirm your booking .
Not so well . I've come down with the flu .
No extra charge at all . But your berth will be invalid .
yeah , I can find enough online .
I would like to cash my undue Large-Amount Deposit Certificate , please .
I'm sorry to hear that . How are you feeling now ?
How many departments were there in your university ?
There we go . Can you help me with the umbrella ? Perfect .
Hey ! How about your history teacher ?
Yes , we can also see some yew trees .
Yes , it does . Here , I ' ll box it up for you .
It really is . You ' Ve changed so much .
The weather report says it's going to rain for a whole week .
That can ' t be right !
Good morning , can I help you ?
Okay . Hey , is that a dark cloud over there ? Do you think it will rain after all ?
Hello , madam . Where to ?
I ' m majoring in French literature .
All right madam , I'll check and tell them to be quiet .
You might make a few enemies this way .
Come on , Nancy . Play it cool . I go with you and burn the middle night oil tonight .
He looks strong . What does he do ?
You're not weak ... you're stressed out ! Stress has been a part of the human condition for millions of years . Back when we still lived in the trees we had to watch out for predators ... and as you might imagine , that was pretty stressful .
I see . For the sake of us all , we should be an active participator in the prevention of it .
Is this OK ?
It's called ' Endless Love ' . It was a gift from a sister city in Australia for the 100th anniversary of the city .
I ' m actually thinking of completely refurnishing the kitchen and getting a new stove , oven , dishwasher and trash compacter .
Yes . That ' s for today . Thank you .
Do people cook a lot of special dishes for the holiday ?
Which church do you attend ?
Next time , go with your gay friend who is more in touch with his feelings .
I know , I am sorry I ever bought it .
Let me see ... yes , one window seat and one aisle .
What was it about ?
I'm sorry , sir , but I'll have to give you a ticket .
How about going to the theatre ?
How obnoxious ! I heard he was sending you dirty jokes .
That would be great . Thanks !
Yes . But I will not take much cash with me I can ask the bank to give me the traveler's checks . So it will be safer .
Yeah , What happened ?
And maybe we can go to a good Italian restaurant for dinner , after the museum . Chicago has some great Italian restaurants .
That is our office block . We have all the administrative depart - ments there . Down there is the research and development section .
Ok . I'll call you Saturday morning .
How about these ? They are the current bestsellers .
The note says you should call your manager first , and then tell him your reason , and then ask him for the approval .
Yes . Will you check if my suit is ready to go , please ?
Can you lend me some money ?
My exam .
Wow , they really went to town on this place !
Thank you for letting me borrow your portable CD player .
May I tell him who's calling ?
How many languages can you speak ?
It ' s at the corner of that street .
I ' ll have to weigh it first . 120 yuan , please .
Oh , why not ?
Yes . . . a bit . . . ouch !
Ok . I understand that we basically work from 8 thirty to 5 thirty with an hour-long lunch break from 12 to 1 , right ?
You mean used car ?
It all sounds very complicated .
Where is my wallet ? Someone has stolen my wallet !
Give me your email , would you ?
Mr . Robson , I'm sorry . Our computer system is down . Could I call you back later ?
Really ? That's too bad ! You should be at home in bed . It's really important to get a lot of rest .
I used to play football regularly when I was at university . And I used to do athletics in the summer .
How about football ?
I ' ll do that right now .
You've got to , I'm afraid . And look at this . You weigh 200 stones . That's too much for a man of your size .
Can't you see the notes there ? It says No smoking here .
You need to get on the 261 . It goes all the way to Sons .
No , of course not . But I ' m not able to do my work and neither are you .
No , the steak was recommended , but it is not very fresh .
Take the books out of the bookcase . Put them in this box .
And you want to know what to wear ?
Here it is . But , what for ? We're already in .
I'll be back late tonight .
How does she cook the shrimp ?
You should ask for a holiday and relax yourself for a little bit . You worked so hard .
Oh , please come in . nice to see you .
Yeah , do you want something ?
OK . That's fine .
Why can ' t you give it back to me ?
It is depressing to hear the price goes higher and higher .
Don't you think these festivals are more interesting !
Is this the right bus to Zizhuyuan Park ?
I can help you with that . Holiday , you say ? Lucky you ! Where are you going to be travelling to ?
Talk to you later .
Well , you should have kept an eye on it .
No , I'm from the north . I was born in Beijing , actually .
I didn't think you would be interested .
Well , the color is all right . But it looks outdated . Can you show me that one ?
I guess we'll either make it , or we won't .
How did you get the piano here ?
Then they also shouldn't tell us if the robber is male or female , because that is sexist .
I want to study abroad .
the Notebook is this type of movie .
Peter , it's time to eat breakfast .
That ' s usual nowadays . You ' Ve added a few shelves too .
O . K . Do you have your receipt ?
No , it ' s last year ' s model .
You know , on a date . They're going to dinner .
That's a gay bar .
Thanks very much . And good-bye .
Good morning , welcome aboard .
And I score three of them .
If you'll just fill out this form , please .
Look ! Allen has the mike !
Well , all products have to go through five checks in the whole process . We believe that the quality is the soul of an enterprise . There fore , we always put quality as the first consideration .
The flight number is 301 at Gate Two .
Yes , I can bring the outline when I come to the meeting .
Yes . Because the customers are mostly Americans .
We must set 1000 dollars aside each month .
Fine , thanks . How's your boy , Jack ?
Excuse me , are you American ?
I think it's better for me to meet new challenges in life .
I see . Thanks for these tips . We really need to buy a lot of little things .
Well , I think our interview is complete then . We will give you a call in ten days or so .
And I recently bought an American-style washer and dryer . Come and see .
At 7:30 pm . And I would like to sit in the non-smoking area .
did your house ever get damaged from the winds ?
Can I ask what the position pays ?
No , I'm afraid not .
No problem , sir . But it will cost you extra .
It's a romantic meeting . I can say that a hero saves a beauty .
Yeah , it's near a bus stop .
Is there a big generation gap between parents and their children in your country ?
Thanks . I had learned so much from you and our colleagues .
Well , not exactly , but I have shown some of my foreign friends around Beijing .
She is very nice and open-minded .
Is that your phone ?
Morning , Mum !
nothing else has happened to me , but I have seen quite a few fights on the streets after the bars close .
This is where we sing ? These booths are so comfortable , I think I could fall asleep !
First we will go to the city centre and stop for something to drink . Then we will visit the University Museum .
No , I have never vacationed anywhere exotic . But even if I don't get a chance to travel on my personal time , at least I can travel on company time !
May I sit here ?
Are you interested in history ?
I'm sick . I think I've got the flu .
I never eat breakfast though .
Put it this way -- it wasn ' t cheap .
Sure . The main courses I took included commercial accounting , cost accounting , industrial accounting , electronic accounting , and so on .
Hi . This is Amy Yang . I ' m calling for a home phone cancellation . I ' m moving out next month .
I was thinking maybe 9 o'clock or so , so that we could get started before the heat gets too bad .
How long have you been in Taiwan ?
Certainly I can , I'll buy some from butchers ' and cook for you next sunday .
Basketball , football , table tennis . I will watch them on TV .
What's wrong with heading out with Mark for vacation ?
Are you an outgoing person , or more reserved ?
My mother is a professor and my father is a manager .
You are waltzing quite wonderfully . It's great to dance with a experience and talent partner .
Yes , it is . It ' s wonderful after the downpour .
And do you feel anything when I do this ?
No , that ' s not true . Many adults like the Harry potter books too .
Please think it over .
We have steamed chicken , braised pork and Beijing roast duck and so on . Here's the menu . What would you like to have ?
But if there is an emergency and the manager is of absence , what should we do ?
Excuse me , can you tell me the way to the British Museum ?
Hello . Is this room service ?
I'm afraid all the rooms are fully booked .
Maybe he's gifted in that .
Well , you don ' t have to be mean . How do I do it ?
The usual place . In front of the treasure house .
Does he like that country ?
As a rule , we deliver all our orders within three months after receipt of relevant L / C . It takes longer , of course , for special orders . In no case would it take longer than six months .
Let me check . It's 3 . 80 m .
Certainly , what day were you thinking of ?
That means Month / Day / Year . Use numbers .
Oh , China does have been plagued by numerous destructive earthquakes during its long history .
It is in the hotel ballroom down the street .
Well , there are 2 reasons . First of all , I'm itching to work in a foreign enterprise . Secondly , your branch is a new establishment in Beijing . I think I'll be assigned more workload and responsibilities here .
Two . French and Spanish .
It was ! But the worst thing was I tore my best shirt .
Is that really what you want ?
Here is ten dollars .
Depending on what you consider a lot .
Does it cost to use it ?
it's challenging , but I'm enjoying it quite a bit .
Are you upset ?
Did you take my money from the table ?
Mom , that's a stupid question .
They see their independence as a kind of character strength .
Miss , may I help you ?
Oh , my god .
Hello , Mr . Green . This is Lin Tong . How are you ?
You have to bring me an add sheet to sign . Do you have one ?
What do you want to study in the university ? Have you thought about it ?
I'm saying this ship needs a new captain . Are you with me , or aren't you ?
Yes . I went to Tinge Sport Centre for football match last Sunday .
I feel terrible , but I've just broken your ashtray .
Can we talk about the working overtime issue ? What ' s on your mind ?
Ok . But can I trade my seat with you ? I prefer the one near the window . I'm a terrible flyer . I always get airsick and can never relax until after I've landed .
I have studied English , tourist culture , guiding methods and techniques and so on .
Isn't that the chick flick with Kate Hudson and Owen Wilson ?
I'm afraid you can't today .
Hand me some globes and paper flowers , I'll put them on these top branches .
When would you want to leave ?
I ' m afraid there isn ' t . My boss only pays lip service .
Hey Rachael , what's up ? How is your day ?
You ' d have to remember that anything you said or did might reflect on the charity , so you ' d really need to be very careful . Anyway , I ' d be the first to buy your posters and I ' d attend your first book-singing when you wrote your autobiography .
For one month . If you can ' t return the books in time , you'll be fined . But if you renew them , you can keep them longer .
I've tried to give up smoking several times , but it's no good . Smoking relaxes me .
That ' s not enough .
Yeah . He never stops asking questions .
You have to call the office first .
Well , this wouldn't be the first time that a file was wrong . Just a moment , please .
Excuse me . May I see the manager of your store ?
Excuse me . Do you have this in blue ?
Well . . . is that a pet ? Isn't that something from the zoo ?
I was a naughty boy and I played hooky . So the school gave me a punishment to clear the classroom for a week .
Oatmeal and toast sounds good to me .
Are they going to stay here with us ?
What do you recommend ? We'd like some of your local specialities .
That ' s sounds great .
What are the side effects of that drug ?
Could you please tell me when we get there ?
How long have you been in this company ?
Here you go . Anything else ?
Okay , until next time then .
Yes , let's go into the dance-hall and ask if we can take dancing-lessons .
Yeah , I can ' t cook anything until tomorrow , anyway .
Well , the worst of the winter should be over .
Ok . Where should we go ?
NO !
What does Stephanie study ?
That's excellent , thanks for all your help .
I'm going to have to do some more research into this . Thanks for your help , bye for now .
I just hope the priest makes it quick . I ' m starving . I hope the food ' s good at the reception .
About 18 years , I started learning when I was a kid .
When I booked the room , your staff didn ' t mention this . And the brochure and your promotional mailings do not mention that .
You ' re right . Everything is probably going to come to a head tonight . I ' ll keep you informed .
About five years old .
Can I bring that to you on the rocks , or would you like it blended ?
Of course . The manner of shaking hands can show a man ' s character . For example , the interviewer who shakes your hand lightly , is a easygoing man although he looks cool .
Good point . This is Sarah O ' Connell reporting live from Washington D . C . , back to you , Tom .
If you want something manly , stick with the espresso .
What records will I have to show to apply for unemployment benefits ?
How about a cup of coffee ?
I can , but I'm not going to . You don't need medicine . You need advice . Don't work so hard . Too much work is bad for you . Don't worry about your work . It ' s silly to worry . Take regular exercise .
Yes ... thank you for understanding . We have to go now .
I went to Harvard University .
Sometimes you read about people who have been cruel to pets or other animals , but those stories are rare .
Yeah . I like it , Dad .
You bet . This is the nicest room in the district . You know what , I just had all the walls repainted last month .
Can I just turn off the AC for now and open the window and smoke indoors ?
Fully agree . I do enjoy the convenience though I am still a beginner in using Excel . The latest office equipment is more type-functional . It combines fax machine , copy machine and printer in one . It saves a lot of place , one machine instead of three .
Ms . : If a teacher stops you in the hallway , just show him or her the pass .
What time you suspect back them ?
He asked me to beef up in the work .
OK , thank you . I ' ll look into it .
Are there any other clauses in marine policies ?
Yes . I started this part-time job just three days ago . And my internship will last 1 week . I'm still a student now .
Sure . We just got some . They're upto-date .
That won't happen again , I'm sorry .
That's pretty good . By the way , what are you doing next Saturday ?
I think I'd say Norway . It has many pictures as fjords , waterfalls , and mountains .
I appreciate the effort , sir .
Yes , will this do ?
I can ' t do that .
Yes . I worked in a small machinery factory . My work was very simple and there was not much work to do .
Oh , yeah ! I had a blast ! I love sweating like a pig with a bunch of pot bellies who all smell bad . Sorry , I ' m just not into this health kick .
Until when ?
Really ? They didn't give you one with your ticket ?
I want to have a haircut .
Really ? Are you sure ?
Hey ! I learn a lot from the psychologists who give advice in those columns !
It was a good company to work for , I enjoyed my time with them .
You shouldn't let the dirty dishes accumulate in the sink !
Tony looks very handsome in the suit .
Have you met the new manager in customer service ?
I think it fits you . It flatters your figure .
I ... I failed to pass the examination . How I wish I had studied hard .
Did you ever win any competitions ?
Return , please .
I'm sorry that I was absent yesterday .
Yes , I have brought them with me . Here they are .
Although I hate to exercise , I go jogging at least twice a week .
Yes , please get some white bread , thick cut , some ham , not the processed stuff , some gouda cheese , some galla apples and . . .
What ? You're overcharging me !
I like that . Then the adults will be more free to mingle and relax .
I have lots of work to do . What ' s more , my grandma is ill .
Sure , I ' d be glad to help you straighten things out . Why don ' t I stop by at about seven thirty ?
Sure , but it's so complicated . They asked for my credit card authorization number .
Of course , I will .
OK . She ' s near-sighted , with a pair of glasses on her nose . She is the only one wearing glasses in my family .
Sure . And if you rent it , maybe I can help you find a roommate too .
I stopped you for driving through a red light .
Would you like to copy the EX files and pass me the copy . There are some figures I want to check .
It should go to Altadena .
Hello , this is Michael . I'd like to speak to Mr . Wood .
My men began searching the area as soon as we received your call . I can't promise you that we'll recover your property but we'll certainly do our best .
Ah , Oh ! Are you hurt ?
Where are we going to have a drink ?
It looks like you could use it . Don ' t tell me you spent the weekend in the library again .
Well , sir . We are asking all our guests to wear a jacket and a tie in our restaurant .
Let me try it on . I think it really suits me . Can you give me some discount on it ?
I ' m mixing the sauce . It ' s my specialty . I make it according to my own secret recipe !
Have you heard about the robbery ?
Hi . I want to get something nice for my niece .
I'm sorry , could you be a little more specific ?
Yes , I know . Kind of hard to concentrate , isn't it ?
I ' m all right , thanks . Just a little tired .
You messed up my car .
Hello , there . What can we do for you today ?
Three , you also should take two three-credit-course in education department .
That's amazing .
Well , I would like to book a single room .
When I asked how people were going to dress , Dr . Lite said it was casual .
Nope , sorry ! Actually , Robin Williams has never won an Oscar for Best Actor--only for Best Supporting Actor !
This has been the worst and best day of my life , Taylor . They kept you in the hospital , and ...
Don ' t take that tone with me . Do you have an invoice for these items ?
Well , thanks anyway .
So when did all this happen ?
Let me take a look ... ID , yes , form completed , yes , well , it looks in order , Sir .
I am happy that we ' Ve finally cleared up some problems .
My wife is in labor !
I see . Oh , well some other time perhaps .
I got a ticket a couple of days ago .
Oh I still haven ' t managed to get any tickets . I ' d love to see something though .
Excuse me , does this bus go to the new bookstore ?
How did you do on your BELTS exam ?
Yes . Isn't the director of that movie the same guy who directed Shaun of the Dead ?
Ok , well , my friends and I are planning on going to the beach on Sunday . We tend to leave around noon whenever we go anywhere , so you could still sleep in . Do you want to come with us ?
Which university are you attending ?
You know , I am a waitress at the student center . Anyway now those final exams are almost over . I ' d love a night out .
I love you , too .
Are you there yet ?
And then what ?
Dear Mr . Clark , Further to our telephone call last Friday , I am writing to confirm our meeting on july 21 . As we discusses , our meeting is to review the contract details .
Do you want to buy a sweater ?
Oh , listen , you'll soon learn , and I am sure they will explain to you how they like to get prepared .
I'm absolutely useless at cooking !
She doesn't appear to be headed this way , so I will go get the check .
yes , but with our sense we'll always look good .
Yes we are going towards Westminster Abbey . I can see it now ! Look to your right .
So , how about coming to the department store with me ? I want to see if there are any new summer clothes on sale yet .
Does it ever ! Well , let's get started . If you could begin typing this letter now , I'll see what else needs to be done .
Ok , it was very nice to talk with you and I look forward to your decision at your earliest convenience . Bye .
It says ' No smoking ' .
He put it out and flew back to the airport . Then he asked the people at the airport where the emergency runway was .
I have to miss school next week .
I want to send it by express mail . The faster , the better .
Certainly . Do you have your receipt ?
Done ! What else should I do ?
Even if the language is accurate , a misunderstanding can not be avoided due to cultural differences .
Excuse me , what's the charge for a picture ?
Please drive slowly .
how did you get that burn again ?
Oh , you have recommended yourself very well . I should think about how to recommend myself as well .
I want to take Shield on a date but I don't have much money .
Are you going to have a birthday party ?
I watched a very interesting documentary about plants yesterday evening . It was called " unusual plants " and looked at several species of plants from around the world which have unusual features .
Slacker and those who violate working procedures and ignoring deadlines .
Do you want to go out for dinner tonight ?
OK !
As obnoxious as Bean is , we should still try to finish this case .
I think it's a great idea . Studying abroad will offer you plenty of new opportunities . Are you planning on going abroad ?
For the Savings Deposit you could actually get more . You see , in time deposit , the interest rate is 1 . 58 % after the 20 % interest tax . So , technically you could get more than a third more .
Yes , that would be perfect .
The kitchen stinks .
Would you like to have some shampoo , sir ?
Would you like to go to dinner or something ?
When do you expect it to be finished ?
No . And on the contrary , I feel young , fresh and energetic .
Mr . McKenna , do you have a second ? I need to talk to you about something .
Oh , sorry . I didn ' t notice it . Sorry .
360 yuan .
How is everything going with your girlfriend ?
Are you going to the beach this saturday afternoon ?
My neighbor hit my brother on the head . He ' s bleeding .
Yeah , fine . And dressing shoes .
If I may ask , are you happy with your salary ?
Would you love to introduce me to her ?
Yes , there is . Teenagers do not want to live traditional lives . They want to go out , have fun , and explore the world . They want to develop their own view of life . Parents usually try to discourage them , but they don ' t often succeed .
Thank you . By the way , what day is today ?
you haven't had much luck lately , have you ?
Well , keep a low profile .
I hope so . Let me know how many will come . Then I will book the restaurant .
You sound relieved .
What other foreign languages do you speak ?
what do you use to eat it ?
What colour ?
Here ! Here ! Use my card !
Sure ! Look , it suits you well .
I agree . As long as the food is not too bizarre once I saw some people eating insects . That is frightening .
I don't think so . It is a little too formal . I'm probably going to wear something more laid back .
You seem to very busy these days . What are you doing ?
Can I help ?
I think you ' re right about that . I ' d need a good manager to be my spokesperson . I could do a lot of charity work , which would help a lot of people .
Nothing . I am just asking .
When the Olympic Games started in modern times , only summer events were included . When it grew popular , there came the Winter Olympic Games , which includes a variety of winter sports .
That's the last three or four numbers on the back of your credit card where your signature is .
I've got it .
I can't believe that the air in this city is so dirty .
Sorry . This is 321-9887 .
He had great vision , didn't he ?
really ? Where did you hear that ?
Your price is reasonable but I wonder if you would give us a discount . You know for the products like yours we usually get 2 % or 3 % discount from European suppliers .
Senior account rep .
Let's do that then .
OK , I'll take it .
I like to get rid of clothes that I don ' t wear rather than keeping them in a wardrobe . They take up too much space . There are several charity shops that you can give old clothes to . They will be
Oh , certainly . When would you like to come ?
Yes , there are . They are not very big compared with the mountains in other countries .
On the whole , not too bad .
Yes , I'm going to the cinema , dad .
Bargaining is a game , or even a battle . You feel like a winner when you get a good price .
But Dad , I should be working full-time at my age . I ' m nearly 17 .
just a little . Has your toothache gone now ?
Your doctor will be contacting you with the results .
Hello , this is Catherine . I am calling about the appointment with Mr . Liu for this afternoon . Something has just come up . I am afraid the appointment will have to be rescheduled . I am very sorry about the change .
One of the common uses of PC is that people can buy goods through it without going out to the physical stores .
That is fine .
But the water has to be kept at 34 degrees so that the minerals can be absorbed by your body .
No , I listen to background music .
Was it any good ?
OK , I'll take a small , for 1 year , in this branch , please .
You have to deal with a lot of pressure from your parents .
Shoulder chops , Ms Chan ?
That's a good idea . Let's go over the weekend .
With that attitude , I don't really think we have much more to discuss here .
Can you book me a single room on March 31 ?
May I have your room number .  Sir ?
I think that might have been a virus .
So , it ' s a three-bedrooms detached house ?
Where you can buy lots of paraphernalia ?
All except the back door . I left that open for Tim . He took the dog for a walk .
These are all my personal documents about my education and working experience you asked for . And I have to be off for an important meeting now . If you think I am right for the job , please keep me informed .
We want someone who can operate the common office equipments and have special skills in photography .
This price of yours is out of the question . You must know that the cost of production has risen a great deal in recent years .
Yes , I read about all of these in the brochure and decided which would be more suitable for me . I'd like to go for the guarantee mode , please .
How long do you have ?
No , ma'am . I ' m afraid you put in only one quarter and one dime .
It isn't Elvin .
Yes ... quite pretty .
Hi , Mr . Smith . Are you enjoying the cookout ? You don't look too happy .
What about this brown one ?
I would buy that kind of book !
OK . Here's your ticket , boarding pass , passport and baggage claim tag . You'll be boarding at Gate 8 . The boarding time is 9 a . m .
You just said 10 rounds .
Yes , sir . We have your reservation . Could you fill out these forms , please ?
I'm looking for books on WTO . Could you show me where they are ?
Ur , it stinks !
Sure . Brown and we have reserved a table next to the door .
I'll be expecting you then .
There is a position I've had my eye on for several months now and I had good reason to believe that it was mine for the asking .
You're right . I think it ' s time to seek professional help .
Oh , you are too conservative . It's just realistic .
I think I'm going to make myself some oatmeal and toast .
I'm going to be studying overseas next year and I'd like some info about suitable loans . To be honest , I'm not even sure if I can get a loan .
If I hear " Love Me Tender " one more time , I think I'm going to go crazy !
Yes , that ' s funny . I thought you liked it .
Jack , do say good-bye for me to the host . I've got to run .
What do you require ?
Oh , Jared ! I can ' t wait for our wedding ! I hope you don ' t mind , but I ' Ve already chosen a date ! Six months from now in the summer ! Melissa saw you buying the ring last month so I ' Ve had plenty of time to start planning !
Right . How about the unemployment compensation and the retirement pension ?
So do I . That's why I've been trying to lower my cholesterol level .
Wow . You ' re really a heavy smoker .
It is a little high . I'm told that your hotel is offering discount now .
what's wrong with it ?
Did you drive yourself to the airport ?
It does sound appealing .
I guess we could go visit once in a while too .
It ' s China ' s service now . What a superb jump serve by Li , oh , and we have a let serve . The ball was coming in fast and almost made it over the net .
Honestly , it is one of the funniest movies I've seen in a long time .
It's a lot better because it doesn't tie up your phone line .
You're right . I love going out and making new friends .
Can you lend me one ?
You have a girlfriend in Thailand ? Interesting . How come I have never heard of that ?
Believe me . I will get up and get ready in five minutes .
Alan , I believe you have studied our catalogue and price list . Are you interested in some of our products ?
But I work hard all the time for long hours . Often I have no time for lunch . Yet , I am still getting fatter .
Yes , we've invited four other couples , so it should be a good mix of people .
Well , yes , I did . I ate some ice cream .
Yes , I agree . We can see the scenery better . In a bus , all you see are the roads .
That actual bus pass is free .
There ' s a good movie called Summer in Beijing .
You can expect to earn sixty-five thousand dollars per year .
I observed the interviewer's manner , mien and gesture carefully besides paying attention to mine .
No . Why ?
Seriously . The only tax I don ' t mind them taking is social security . It ' s only a few dollars every paycheck .
Does Mr . Schmidt know he's going to become a father ?
The cake is no problem at all , but we do charge a corkage fee of $ 15 a bottle for any alcohol not purchased from the restaurant .
Why , what's the lowdown ?
Well , that might be acceptable , if you handle the insurance fees .
Sure , thanks . I brought you a bottle of wine as well .
And what was your salary at the bank ?
This is a pity !
Almost twenty years . We were the first total PR services company of our kind in California .
Sure , that would be great .
When can I go to see him ?
are you ready for your first driving lesson ?
For Agreement Savings , we ask for 100,000 RIB .
Willy , I don't think we have much butter . Can you buy some ?
did they take his license away ?
But I definitely was led to believe that a three-night stay would be $ 750 .
If only we'd remember to close it .
Yes . It's a traditional dish .
Mmm ... to be honest , I ' d rather go for a pizza .
People decided to use the blackout to their advantage .
Why is DEL better ?
Oh , I see . I'll have a beer please
Haha ... please don't tell me you've got a dead stack . I hate making cold calls ...
Everything in this magazine seems expensive . You could probably find something similar in a discount store .
How ' s that ?
No , no ... It was just the wrong size .
Be sure to blow out all the candles in one puff .
Yes , it is a new brand .
Yes , please ! Tell me about the alternatives .
let's go to a car dealership . I'll help you try to sell your car for a good price .
What ' s special about a thai massage ?
I've got a schedule !
Yes . It was starving and looking for something to eat when I saw it .
What ? I am afraid you have made a mistake , I am leaving on July 21st alone .
You know , I really don ' t think Americans are very romantic .
That's not bad . It could be a short-term alternative . Your mum can look for another one when the market improves . Things will work out eventually .
no , but I was in quite a few tornados when I was younger .
What's a hall pass ?
Sure . Bake it forty-five minutes at 360 degrees .
You must have found much difference between working in company and studying in college .
Thank you for your compliments . You're welcome to our hotel again .
This really has been a wonderful holiday for us . Shall we take a walk around the pond or into those woods for a while ?
right now ?
Can I use the clippers ?
It's hard to say ! But it seems that a lot of wars nowadays are civil wars . People from different ethnic groups in the same country sometimes fight for power in that country .
We need someone rather quickly , the sooner the better .
Where is your birthplace ?
I am bilingual , English and Russian .
I believe you are cut out for this position . You're an outstanding individual .
Can you recommend some popular tour ?
It is so quiet here . I like the place .
No , no , no , not at all . It ' s just that I've been looking forward to meeting you .
So you're quite happy with your new job ?
The phone turns off by itself .
The summers are so great here ! Not hot at all . I love the cooling breezes , the clear air , all the greenery .
Your card was declined .
Oh , the ink is spilled on the desk .
Then I can go to this appointed dealer , see what they've got and then make a decision ?
We came back the day before yesterday . I enjoyed myself there very much . The beach is beautiful . You should go there some day . The sun was lovely , too .
Jim Chan . The account's in my name . Is that all you need to know ?
Yeah that would be cool ! Maybe I can also have a try at other weapons like a machine gun or a shotgun ! Maybe even a rocket launcher or an anti tank missile ! Or what about a flame thrower !
Do you have a seat preference ?
Your present job is something better . Why do you change ?
I appreciate all help of you during my stay here .
Round trip , please .
Um yeah . Sorry about that .
Have you injured your tooth in any way ?
Sure . Come to look at these styles . They sell very well .
yeah , an office that runs efficiently by using nothing other than online communication technologies . I pay the rent and share office services with others in the same building .
What does that sign say ?
Doesn't everyone ? Which games are those ?
Ok , I'll get this rate right away .
How much money should we leave for a tip ?
There is an area at the EDD Center that is set up with computers for you to make use of .
Did you even bother to go to school today ?
I see . I had no idea our advertising was so misleading . It is here , but it ' s in the fine print on the last page .
And I taught him how to swim in the sea . It was fun and made him braver than before . After we returned home , he wasn't afraid to sleep alone in his bedroom .
How can you finance your education abroad ? It is very expensive to study abroad .
I'm waiting ...
is the house pretty run-down .
About two months .
No , we don't . I am sorry . It's 30 dollars and 10 cents in total .
What do you mean his grandmothers are already dead ? Wait a minute , you don't think he's avoiding me , do you ?
But I cannot forget him .
Thank you for your compliment . Won ' t you try this fish with white sauce ? I'm rather round of it .
Not really . I thought it was disappointing .
Yes , but can you show me the other colour ones ?
His mom and dad must be destroyed . He was their only son .
What would make this apartment better for you ?
Thank you , sir . We will phone you as soon as we have a vacant table .
Thank you for your hospitality , Leon . I had a wonderful time !
This is used to protect local industries or to achieve certain political objectives .
Sure , just a minute . Are you an artist , sir ?
And how many staff do you employ ?
So you can always keep two times at once ?
Yes , I ' m off to the department store . I must buy some furniture for my new flat .
No , don't worry . I'll get you off when you get there .
My name is Bill . How are your lessons going ?
Perhaps you should excercise more . Why don't you go to an exercise class .
What's wrong , Lisa ? You keep pacing back and forth .
Life isn't fair .
Frankly , he is more well-behaved than you .
I just finished reading this article ' Getting Old Gracefully ' . It's a very good article .
We can also put a guest book on the website for people to sign and write comments .
That ' s great news !
I asked Santa to bring me a new sweater and some computer games .
Mmm . That's what I thought , too . And I always enjoy watching Anthony Hopkins .
It was silly of me to have taken a taxi .
So , make up your mind quickly . Whether to keep going or give up .
No , sir . We don't allow dogs or cats .
Am I getting a ticket for this ?
OK . The X2500 has the unique feature of providing better data flow with less input time . It will reduce your work load at the office .
Such friends are even worse than enemies .
Hello , Mr . Compton ? This is Susan Miller .
I also have a suit to be dry-cleaned . Can I fetch it the day after tomorrow ? It's urgent .
You are so kind . Thank you very much .
What do you know about Julia Roberts ?
It must have been fun seeing those unusual animals and birds .
Is there a reason why you're trying to get off the phone so fast ?
Oh , just one thing , could you give me some ideas of the pay ?
I'm sure you'll do well . Did you study hard ?
Do you know the highest mountain in the world ?
I just can't help it . Oh , look at Clive , he is really a big hit . They are definitely gonna win .
Yeah ? I guess so . I spent the weekend at beach .
Yeah , my friend is getting married next month and I ' m supposed to be a bridesmaid . I have to fit into my dress and look nice for her wedding , but I haven ' t lost any weight ! Look at these love handles .
But I always get tongue-tied when I see her .
Shall we make it 250 dollars ?
Are you from the south ?
I don ' t think that is too much for rent .
What's wrong with the photocopier ?
Ok , I ' ll try my best .
We'll have rice dumplings . What's more , there are also dragon boat matches in some places of southern China .
Well , shall we get down to business ' .
For over forty years . The original company Davies Engineering - was founded in 1960 by the Davies brothers in a small workshop near Manchester . They closed down the workshop in 1980 and opened up a new factory in Leeds .
Hey , Ted . What are you up to this Friday ?
I like talking to you too .
Really ? Good luck for them .
You know I wasn ' t at the meeting . I was meeting with Mr . Wei about this account . I ' Ve been on this for a month and a half .
You know , we could look online at the local Internet sites .
Well , I may have stayed on the phone too long . Can you give me her number ? I'll call her later .
How much will it amount to ?
What style would you prefer ?
I want to be in a higher managerial position in the field of international marketing . I ' m very interested in the European market hopefully , in Brussels .
OK . I like the design of this lamps . I also need some cushion covers . I ' ll just browse through those ones over there .
I'm going to get one for myself . They make really good coffee here .
Do I have any fees to pay ?
No way !
Isn't your family name Lin ?
No , it's a Monday .
If you do get lost , just ask someone in the building to point the way .
Please send us your best offer and state payment terms and time of shipment .
Bye , mom !
Anything strange about that ?
So , even if someone wasn't directly involved , they can become involved ? Like the bank you cash it in ?
well , perhaps you're right . Sometimes EQ matters more than IQ .
How about Connecticut ? Where's that ?
It's nice to be here .
Yes , the house was in a terrible mess . It was almost turned upside down by the burglar .
Sir , your dish will take 5 minutes to prepare . While waiting , would you like anything to drink ?
Do you know what you want to get ?
You know , I'm a pretty laid-back person . I don't like to have lots of arguments or worry about lots of things . For example , I like to keep the apartment clean too , but if it gets a little dirty once in a while , that's not a big deal .
Well , how many tax-free things can I bring with me ?
You wouldn't believe what happened to me today .
He wants to know if you have bacteria in your urine , which could signal an infection .
That's great ! When will we go ?
What have you got ? A cough ? A cold ?
Something's wrong with my computer .
Sure . It ' s indeed a culinary heaven which offers a wide range of delicious snacks to satisfy all tastes . Then , which one would you like ?
We're redecorating our living room .
I don't think it smells nice .
Can you tell me my options ?
About fifteen minutes . It ' s not far . Are you a stranger in New York ?
Our prices compare favorably with those offered by other manufactures either in Europe or anywhere else . Here are our latest price lists . You will see that our prices are very attractive .
Wonderful . Then how many employers have you worked for ?
It's nearly 12:00 now . Will I be charged extra ?
But my Rose is great .
Maybe , but I'm not sure .
Oh , right . My geography isn't very good !
Mom ?
I didn ' t bring cash with me today .
We ' ll contact you soon , Ted . Thanks for coming in .
My absolutely favorite kind of pie is apple .
That sounds good .
Congratulations ! Susan . I ' m so happy for you .
It should be , but there are too many options . My grades are good enough that I have a lot of choices , but after that ...
OK , Where's Los Angeles ?
that ' s a good idea . I usually just sit at home alone and get increasingly moody .
Thanks . I am all right . It's just my nose . It must be an allergy . Do you have any aspirin ? I have a terrible headache .
Now I repeat , 5,000 transistor sets , specifications as shown in our catalogue at $ 20 each C . I . F . Los Angeles .
Whatever you say .
It says smoking is not allowed in any private offices . It might be the most terrible thing for you .
About 10 days . You can send it express mail if you need it faster . It will only take three or four days .
I'm looking for information on tropical fish .
Excuse me , what's your name ?
How old are you ?
I wish it didn't have cruise control . My wife doesn't like it either .
Then who were they ?
Two books at a time . Except magazines or journals , they have to be read within library .
I realize that everyone has emergencies ; just get here on time from now on .
Exactly . Herry is almost broken now .
I think you should put an advertisement in china daily . Things where you lasted .
It's not far away from home , It's - let me see -- about 20 minutes'walk , Can you walk here ?
I see . It is the position desired
I ' m a senior broker in a large company . I deal with clients on a daily basis , handling all aspects of their accounts personally .
The lab is completely free . But you do have to pay a dime a page for printing .
I would like to meet with you to discuss some discrepancies on our payroll account .
Do you mean the red flowers ? They are peony flowers ?
Bob is retiring , wow ... that's news to me , I had no idea Bob was that old , retirement's still sixty-five , right ?
It's supposed to start at about eight .
Only 1 hour .
Are you doing anything tonight ?
have you ever seen Bill Gate's home on the internet ?
Then , what's special tonight ?
You don't know what happened ?
It's by the oatmeal and breakfast bars .
Because it enjoys great reputation and it is located in my favorite city Nanjing .
How can we get there ?
very funny . Next you should check your side mirrors and your rear view mirror . Can you see out of them ?
oh , that sounds like fun !
Hello , police office ?
How about you ? What are you going to do tomorrow ?
Have you been feeling OK lately ?
Three bottles each of Perrier and Jim Beam .
Well , make sure to put out the pepper and salt shakers . I don ' t know if your brother is coming tonight so set an extra place mat just in case .
Yeah , you can make it .
OK . I know . Thank you .
To show our appreciation for your hard work , we'd like to invite you to have dinner with us .
Oh , sorry , I don't have it on me . Honestly , I forgot it at the house . But I have the insurance policy with me . Here it is .
Humph ! Right , so what did you get ?
Hello , reservation desk . How can I help you ?
Good-bye . See you again sometime .
even if I ' m only sick for one day ?
It doesn't cost anything for the pass .
When poyou have to see her ?
Wow ! Good timing .
Just a second . I'll see if I can find them for you .
well , talk to him about it next time you see him . He probably feels as bad about it as you do . Close friends sometimes have disagreements . It ' s nothing unusual . Neither of you said anything r
Well , it looks great from the curb . Let ' s go on inside .
Have you tried the Internet ?
I hear you have to wear uniforms at private schools .
I guess you're right . But I still prefer to have no child .
Was it that crowded ?
It's a tax levy by the goveroverment on goods imported into that country .
Well , flying kites is more fun to me .
Twice a week for work and once for shopping .
Yes , but there is a chance that might be suitable for you .
Did you have any publications ?
I'm supposed to do it , but the general manager called me last night . He said he couldn ' t come back to Beijing as scheduled , so he asked me to attend the meeting for him .
that doesn't sound too promising . Does he have a defence lawyer ?
Well , I'm afraid Thursday is out for me . I'm expected to attend a meeting of our personnel committee , and it's very important for me to be there .
OK . Give me his number and we'll contact him .
Hi , Martin . What can I do for you ?
What do you think of the new mayor ?
I know I deserve it , but I can not find a way to talk with boss about this .
Well , I need a hand with the fax machine . My fax is not going through .
Yes , I remember . You must decide how much money you will gamble before you start to play .
So what ? I got a ninety-nine .
Yes , sir . It is Jane . It was given by my English professor when I was at the university .
I like people who are open and friendly . Those people are usually more active and fun to be with . I like spending time with my friends . We go to bars together or play sports together .
It ' s an absolute outrage , Sarah , the US government wants to give 25 billion dollars of taxpayers ' money to the auto industry . These are companies that have been mismanaged and are now nearly bankrupt .
It ' s on the first floor .
Thank you . I couldn ' t have done it without the help of a strong team .
I feel sorry for her .
Nope , I ' m canceling my appointment so that I can stay here with you .
Oh , that's too bad ! I am sorry to hear that !
Well , two weeks ago I got a tip about a possible job opening at Ace Travel Agency over on Franklin Avenue .
Well , I have no regrets !
We ' re going to have to do an investigation .
Impressive ! So , what would you consider to be your greatest weakness ?
We'll get to go fishing at the river . I hate fish .
Look at that village !
My paycheck that just arrived is less than last week ' s check .
Of course . It's 555-4653 .
But have 2 - hour journey .
I suggest that we set up a board of directors for the management of the company and share rights and obligations as equal . That is very important .
Welcome to the KFC Just-in-Time . Can I help you ?
I'd like to have a shave .
It's an excellent one . I like it very much .
That's a good idea . You'd better hurry up before they've filled all classes . Many people are learning how to drive now .
It really isn ' t .
How was your appraisal with the boss ?
I think that I might .
Hi , I would like to send this package to China , and these postcards as well .
Fantastic ! I guess the same is true with the arms , right ?
I ' Ve just found a mouse in the house !
What is the best way to find a job here ?
Congratulations on the new apartment .
But kids like watching things like that . It's just for fun , would't you say ?
Hello , is that Susan who applied for an accountant in our company through the phone ?
If you refuse to blow , you'll receive a much severer punishment .
OK , It's here , one of the best makes in China .
We can go to a horror movie , and I'll hold your hand so you don't get scared .
Yes , yes . It's all here . There you go . I'm not sure if I need any other proof or guarantee to get this loan , do I ?
You mean this month ?
It's very careless of me to have broken your glass .
What was taken from you ?
David , why didn ' t you clean the room ?
That's it . I decided to turn over a new leaf . I'm going to exercise every single day .
Peter and Mary broke up .
Can you change American dollars into French francs .
Would you like to tell me something about your outstanding achievements ?
He got a scolding .
Mary , my friend recommend me for a job to work in a company , and I feel it's great .
In the future , that could be possible .
I guess you are right .
Our systems are 100 % trouble-free .
I don ' t think I can take another semester of this dorm food .
We all are looking for different things in an instructor . I hope I've helped you .
No , I don ' t . I ' m too afraid of making mistakes in English . I don ' t want to be laughed at .
Yeah , it helps keep me fit and helps the environment , too .
No , I'm not sure .
I don't think I performed well .
That is a good idea , I love it . What time do you think is convenient ?
Acknowledgments can also help the job-hunters to show their good attainment .
Maybe it can take effect .
My watch stopped and I didn't know . I certainly need to buy a better one .
A little , but not very well .
Of course . It's the tradition game in winter , and with good reason . Don't you like watching it ?
She is tired , but getting a lot of rest now .
Well you have to try Peking duck .
I want to get some pizza .
I have done something like that before .
Yes . Thank you . May I see your passport , please ?
It's not like him to be late .
I hope you feel better .
how come you're still up ? Shouldn't you be asleep by now ?
A bottle of glue .
Want to send out for some Chinese ?
Thanks for coming over to help . I really appreciate it . First , could you peel the vegetables ? I ' Ve put them all in the skin and there ' s a peeler .
I like my salads to have croutons , almonds , and shredded cheese .
Oh , I forget . Sorry .
How did your vacation go ?
Well , I'm very interested in the job .
I'm so nervous about this oral test .
I went to there on business .
I'm not a very good sailor , either . My mother is a dreadfully poor sailor . In fact , she never takes a voyage unless she has to . I am better than that , and even on the Pacific . after ten days of it , I can still find my sea legs . Well , happily we shall have a smooth passage today .
So we can get down to business .
Well , I hope so . The competition is probably pretty heavy . And they want a writing sample too .
No , no one has informed me of that so far , tell me .
Thanks . My name's Bill Peters , by the way .
Will you have it later ?
Really ? I'll have a try . Maybe I will get high marks next time .
I'll take it .
When you get the reading , what information does it give you ?
Well . All right , Mark . Just this once . But you have to pick them up yourself . I ' m a very busy man .
Do you know Jeffery has published his second detective novel ?
You said you like classical music very much . Then who is your favorite opera star ?
It ' s a prediction of your month , based on your zodiac sign . You have a different sign for the month and date you were born in . I was born on April 15th , so I ' m an Aries . When were you born ?
Good . We can contact the Tiana Office Furniture Store , and ask them to install computers in our company , deliver new tables and other furniture to match the function of the computers , and to improve our work atmosphere simultaneously .
I'm going to gamble on the world cup tonight . Who do you think will win ?
perhaps . He probably thinks you considered the gift a bribe for a higher grade .
Do you think so ? I don't like it very much . I found it rather uncomfortable .
I'm on a softball league . It's not fast pitch , but it's still fun . You wanna join our group ?
Tell me if you need help .
That won't be a problem , sir .
Mary , I have something to tell you .
You know what I mean .
I have finished filling in the forms . Can I go to my room now ?
I ' m not sure yet , but I plan to do good things .
Great . My family came to visit me .
Oh , just one .
I want to do something tomorrow with you .
I see . Well , consulting is a little different .
I hope so .
Is it really worth paying for ?
Make it two .
According to their scheme , it will begin on September 10th .
Of course . You will have the local specialties .
It ' s mild . but it ' s not always pleasant .
Yes . Will you take me to the station ?
When did you buy it ?
Pretty good . Say , where are you living this semester ?
Where on earth are we going to borrow at 3 % ?
Did you say that Ted was at your mercy ?
Oh , yeah , that's embarrassing when that happens .
Yes . But why do I have to fill out a form anyway ? This is the emergency room .
Wait ! Don ' t turn it on ...
Thank you for encouraging me . There are problems cropping up here and there . But I will over come them one by one .
Everything , sir , including the air tickets , accommodation and gate tickets .
That ' a good idea . You are a fireman and it can be dangerous job .
I have a master's degree in HR management in Peking University . And I worked as a HR manager in a European enterprise for many years . I know it is not just some clerical issues , but more social work with reason and patience .
Are you a football player ?
Not at the moment . Where would you like me to take you
Just a moment , sir . Let me check the reservation list . Sorry , I'm afraid we're fully booked tonight . Would you like to make a reservation some other time ?
Would you please teach me how to use the computer ?
OK , let's say 6
Waiter , please make out the bill .
Do they know what the robber looks like ?
Well , he had a jacked or a plage shirt . You know the kind of number jack wear .
I really like the food .
Can she speak Chinese to her students ?
What does that tell him ?
I am reading .
Okay , I'll make dinner tonight .
Hello . I'm Duty Manager today ; you wanted to speak to me ?
Are you driving a motorcycle or an automobile ?
No , thanks . I'm in a hurry .
No , there are annual bonuses , one week paid vacation a year , and health insurance .
Yeah , it ' s pretty nice , but its so red because of air pollution .
If one's available , please . But not over the wing .
I hope so , too . Bye ! Ben .
The dinner was really good . It knocked my socks off .
Pyramid scheme ? What is that ?
Then we can take a walk and enjoy the scenery in the park .
I fired Mr . Li today .
Emily , what kind of report is this ?
Of course I should have ! You certainly deserve them ! You put up with all of us .
Good afternoon , would you mind if I sat here ?
Gorgeous ! There is another song combining Chinese and western music styles . I am crazy for it , so I hear it over and again . And I plan to make it as the ringbone of my mobile .
I've heard so much about Japan . Is it a beautiful country ?
I think his house is fantastic , but I wouldn't want to live there . You would have to hire one or two people to clean all the rooms in the house , plus a few people to take care of the gardens , and pro
OK , it won't happen again .
Yes , sometimes I can hardly get asleep at night .
Nice to meet you . How can I help you ?
I don ' t know what activity my son should take part in ?
No , It isn't . It's 736-4565 . It seems you've misdialed .
Look , the aliens are sending a message to Mulder . This rocks !
Thanks , I will .
Sorry , Mum , I'll lock it right away .
In my country football is brand new , so I never learned the game when I was younger .
And how do I withdraw if I need to ?
Yes . There are selected itineraries for rich and high-tasted people , common routine for people who are on trade observation tour , and excursion routine for people who have limited time for sightseeing .
I'm a student too .
I don ' t like your Rose . And I do love Henry . And I ' m going to marry him .
I've made arrangements with a friend to help me .
Hello , Miss Wu , This is Dan Robson calling from OTC limited . I'd like to check my last order . When exactly was it sent out ?
Sure , it's White in Room 204 .
OK , here you are . The fitting room is behind the curtain .
Can I try it on ?
No , it just won't work . If I read for your exam , you won't know the answers tomorrow . I will .
our pleasure . Please fill out this form , leaving your address and telephone number .
If I tell you . , you must be completely taken aback .
I want to ask you what your policy is on gay marriage .
Don't you know that ? It's all about new office rules .
I ' m deeply grateful for all you ' Ve done .
No way ! I spent 20 years of my life with relatives around me 24-7 . you know , I don ' t think I ' Ve ever actually spent any time by myself in my parents ' home . What do you think of the one-child policy in China ?
That's fine . I'm looking forward to it .
Yogurt , because it has protein , vitamins and it is acidic . If you drink it everyday , your stomach will be more comfortable .
We are on the second floor , one of the middle floors .
" You ain't nothing ' but a hound-dog ... "
I know . But is she out of danger now ?
Now he's looking over here ! He's coming !
Just close your eyes , and try not to think .
Do you have the phone number ? I need to call for registration .
Where did you begin your journey ?
Ah , yes , here you are Ms . Gleason . You reserved a single , right ?
Try them if you like .
Sure , for how many ?
They will arrive the next morning , at 8: 00 a . m . and 10:00 a m . respectively .
That ' s useful to know . Thanks . I ' ll just log off and shout down my computer and we can go for a coffee .
Dear Anna . I really love you .
Aren't you staying for the party ?
Well , I am telling you now .
I'm sorry to have made you disappointed .
What did you think of it ?
They said he was an honest and professional businessman . But that's the exciting part . It's kind of like gambling ...
One moment please . Very well , Mr . Smith . I need to ask you a few questions .
No wonder you didn't get my texts !
Yes , of course . I live near the university . Hop in please .
Following the rules of world business , the exporters have the right to inspect the goods before the delivery , while the importers have the right to re-inspect the goods after their arrival .
How do you usually part your hair ?
Alright . Have you been to this hospital before ?
So how do you intend to do that ?
Would you like to play tennis with me ?
Hi , how ' re you doing ?
Thanks . I could eat a cow .
6 . So we should give them special attention . Some of them don't have a good health .
You can get it from the student business office .
no , but my father's car was destroyed in a flood once . It actually happened the day after he bought the car !
Hello , Miss . I want to listen to the music . Could you tell me how to adjust it ?
Thank you . Your room number is 507 , queen bed , nonsmoking . Is that agreeable to you , sir ?
you said it . Good beer , good music , and on top of that , there are so many hot girls here !
Yes , I think she is just a little bit crazy .
No , I can't be there .
Ready for what ?
Sure , that would be a good place for them .
I told you that I had been saving up money to buy some new furniture and do some redecorating . I finally saved enough and did everything at once .
Nice dress . How do I look ? Be honest .
According to the article , you have no real need to worry . Research nowadays is focussing on cloning parts of a human body to replace damaged or lost parts , not on recreating a whole human .
You will get that information in court .
Want something to drink ?
Let ' s see , " we would e grateful if you could please send related materials to our office prior to our meeting . " It looks like ... hey , was there anything else sent along with this letter ?
Yes . He was released from hospital yesterday evening . The other man could be there for weeks .
Yes I see . But you decided to leave them in 2006 right .
Almost . There are a lot of polar animals sea birds , such as seals , whales and penguins , People don't get much chance of seeing them .
Actually , it is my mother ' s wedding . My parents divorced many years ago . Now she is ready to establish a new family . It is a special occasion . I ' Ve got to be there , right ?
How about anything for dessert like an apple pie or ice cream ?
What is your favorite computer game ?
I want to send this letter to the US by airmail .
We will have this one first and order something else later .
Jenny , I want to go on a picnic . Could you come too ?
You know she probably feels just as bad .
Do you think we can donate some clothes and food for the victims ?
I wouldn't mind a burger .
Don ' t buy him underwear again . He hates that .
What's the problem ?
I stood behind the register and took pizza orders .
I think dimes and quarters will do .
I like collecting antiques . It's expensive , but it's a lot of fun .
Women love roses , so your wife will be very happy .
We need to get food ?
It's got a kitchen , a bathroom , and one bedroom .
Then , you put S in this blank .
Unique , aren ' t they ? I bet you ' Ve never tasted anything like it ! Quality is assured as I personally visit the factory to make sure no one ' s cutting corners with the ingredients . Only the creme make it through inspection .
An all-day pass is 30 dollars for adults and 20 for children .
Is there any furniture in it ?
Let me check . Yes , we can .
How do I take the sucking lozenges ?
ok . Just call me if you need anything then .
Oh , really ? I just have lots of hobbies in my spare time ; such as going to the concert , painting , handwriting , reading novels and reading fashion magazines . What about yours ?
There's a car waiting for you just outside the door . Right this way , please .
I ' m glad this car is an automatic . I don't like having to change gears .
Flight BE407 to Rome is delayed . Will passengers please wait in the lounge .
Who wouldn't ? Wow , that's out of this world .
Wow . That sounds like a bargain . I'm running low on facial moisturizer and powder . Could you ring those up for me along with the lipstick ?
I guess so . I usually buy name-brand clothing , shoes , and electronic goods . How about you ?
Good morning , Mr . Zhang , this is Jimmy calling from Polaroid Company .
I like this system . It will encourage the best employees and motivate those who want to make a change at work .
I guess I can do that .
I have to go up to London for a couple of days next week . Would you like to come ?
Oh , I'm sorry , but I've just accepted another offer that I feel is more suitable to my needs .
What's special about Melbourne Zoo ?
Ah , thanks .
Would you please fill in this registration form ?
Hey Joe , how have you been ?
OK , thank you .
Do you think you are the right candidate for this position ?
It's better for right-handed people like me . See , I don't even have to move my arm to see the time .
Who are those kids walking down the aisle ?
Are you serious ? We ' Ve been friends for years ! We can ' t just change that overnight !
What do you want to do tomorrow night ?
That's right , maybe then you'll respect my rules .
That's right . This entrance is for even numbers . That entrance over there is for odd numbers . Let's go over there .
How do you feel about this restaurant ?
There we go . Thanks very much .
OK , I will send someone to see you off .
I think that I have something else really important to do on that day . I just can ' t remember what it is .
Excuse me , my skin is always dry , can you give me some advice ?
You can take me there ?
I am disappointed with your work lately .
I need to find a new way of getting my insurance .
Yes , I did , but I didn ' t do very well . I made the final in both events , but came last . At least I made the final . I was very pleased with that .
But , you work with her everyday .
What are you talking about ? It wasn ' t more than a month ago that you were rambling on about how you are tired of living the life of a bachelor and how you envy your friends that have a family !
Nice to meet you , Andrew . I am Noirin , Noirin O'Neil .
Right here ! It hurts right here !
It's my pleasure . We hope you'll visit Beijing again .
Yes . It was so crowded . I'm worn-out . Let's find our seats .
By weight . 6 . 0 cents per pound .
Not really , I like watching horror movies , like ' The Unborn . '
It ' s Saturday , a great weekend .
That's right . That's the best way to have control over yourself . You say to yourself . Tonight I will gamble fifty dollars . Only fifty dollars . No more . If you follow the rule , you can't lose more than fifty dollars .
I hope you can try to get them to step up production .
Not at all . Turn left out of the hotel and it's about a five minute walk .
True , but I still have to watch my baseball . The season's in full swing now .
It was bought on November 12th at 3
Don't be so nervous ! Relax ! First , sleep early at night . Second , study two hours a day after school . Third , don't tire yourself out , but don't be lazy . Will that help ?
Ok , now for the last and best dish in my opinion . This is called Pad Thai . It's stir-fried noodles with eggs , fish sauce , tamarind juice , red chili pepper plus bean sprouts , shrimp and tofu and garnished with crushed peanuts and coriander . It's practically Thailand's national dish !
Yes , it is . It was just painted and it has all the modern conveniences .
Oh that's great , congratulations ! What's your new position ?
Now have you ever thought of going by express bus ?
I see . Where do I have to change them ?
Have you heard about Anlesen David ?
By this time , it's better . The rush hour is over .
I don't think it's realistic . I thought it was sick . Why does a movie have to use that kind of humor ?
Let me try . It has to be somewhere amazing , and far away ... Egypt ?
I really feel great shame . Let me buy a new one for you .
I know how it works . You don't want to give away any more of your future profits than you have to .
No , not yet . I'd like to buy a teapot .
Hello , Marsha , I haven't heard from you in a long time . I'm great , and you ?
You are friend of Janet , right ? I am Andrew , Andrew Smith .
Sorry , I didn't think it mattered .
Congratulations ! I heard that you are going to take a two-week training course in the headquarter .
Yes , the climate of France rarely has severe winters . In southern France , one can live in comfort the whole year . Is Japan good for farming ?
Yes , it is . How many pieces of hand luggage do you have ?
To the Municipal Government Hall .
of course if I can .
We demand a surcharge of 80 cents for it .
First of all , as far as I know , your company has had impressive records in business . Second , I want to enter the foreign trade field .
Well , I need the display monitor . But Tom can set that up for me on Wednesday . I will need you to help with everything else .
Do you have any publications ?
How much is the ticket ?
when did you take your exams ?
Joe , how are you doing ?
You're got a point there . But do you think he's a little absent-minded ?
Oh , that's interesting !
that's pretty harsh .
Then you would like the ' no frills ' business account .
I guess I never thought of that before .
OK , that's absolutely fine . I will need to see some credentials before we can get started . Do you have the notification of admission letter from your university , your passport and your visa with you ?
Now let's begin the class . Who is on duty today ?
No , I haven ' t gotten over there in a few weeks . How is he ?
If that's the case , I'll have to go somewhere else to meet my needs .
I went to Paris .
Can you call back later ? We're right in the middle of lunch .
I am really tired of Terry .
But there is a big bonus for employees at the end of the probation period .
do you like cooking , Julia ?
I've just been working a lot .
Bill . Bill ! You gotta help me !
Well , sir , we are asking all our guests to wear a jacket and a tie in our restaurant .
You can use a Type A Agreement Savings Account the same was as a Settlement Account .
It was my pleasure .
How have they decided to deal with that ?
Yes . that is a very good idea . It would be a shame if we could not find a place to sit .
Pay it off , and they'll clear your record .
Hi Linda , this is Todd .
Both , doctor . I never get to sleep until two o'clock and I always wake up at five .
They sure are . They are practically jumping in the boat .
Great . Thank you very much .
Well , I understand how you feel , and we will try to do our best to help you . But first please allow me to send one of the housemaids to your room to look for it again thoroughly , just in case it's still in there . If she finds it , we will all be happy . If she doesn't , we will turn the whole matter to the police . But I must say that the hotel can't be held responsible for your loss . You should have locked your gold necklace away at the hotel ' s safety box . If you had read your key card carefully , you would have realized that we specially warned you to do so .
I just remembered that I've got to give a speech in class today and I forgot to prepare for it .
Love Music Woman
Tomato , orange and apple juice , please .
That's why I like department stores more . Shopping at a wholesale market like the locals is one of the few things I am unable to grow accustomed to .
Well ... How about Friday then ?
That's a bit more than I was prepared to pay .
We serve different styles of Chinese food here . But I'm not sure which one do you prefer .
Betty , something is burning . Can you smell it ?
ok . What's your number ?
that's exactly what the visa officers want to hear . Do you have enough money for tuition and room and board ?
Is she old or young ?
Mind your own business .
Yes , I should get there just in time for the women ' s 400m relay .
I'm not very sure . but I know ruby is less valuable than diamond .
How will I know what the results mean on the website ?
what seems to be the problem ?
I ' m fabulous .
Your prices seem a little high .
Ok , when and where did you last see it ?
I like beer , it's just that I get a headache when I drink more than 3 .
Yeah , I agree . It makes you feel really good .
Ok , see you 10 o'clock next Monday !
What other forms will I need to turn in ?
Yes ! Let ' s go sailing and water skiing . That ' s so exciting .
I ' d like to get a jar of strawberry jam and a bottle of tomato ketchup . Do we need any meat ?
As you know I serve as a secretary in my present company , I really want to look for a more challenging opportunity .
I have the abilities , qualities and experience that you requested in your job advert , for example I have three years experience in designing products and I got leadership experience while serving the college student union as president .
To tell you the truth , I'm strictly into classical music . You don't happen to have any Bach or Mozart , do you ?
I really can't say how long she'll be .
Take care .
According to the report , our Boston crowd is quite different make-up from our Chicago folks . Our Boston consumers are mostly from mid-level to upper-class income levels , university or postgraduates , married no children , white collar ... You know the kind . Chicago on the other hand is mostly mid to low income levels , single parent homes , blue collar ... I think we're talking about two totally different target groups .
Oh , you must be very happy . How many people are there in your family ?
It ' s going all right . I ' m learning some things for the first time , but I ' m also brushing up on some things that I already know .
Yes , I have , I tried once when I visited your country last year , I think they were very tasty . Can you cook them ?
It's not a cut . It's a gash ! It's bigger than a cut ! Ah ! I need a doctor .
Oh , yes . I got so tired . My son began to cry the moment we got on the train . It was very embarrassing because we took the over-night train and the noise made it difficult for other people in the cabin to sleep .
What changes were made from the old page to the new page ?
Do what you have to do ! One other thing , don ' t tell the rest of the stockholders about this . If they find out , it ' s the end of this company !
I want to buy one to match my shirt . Can you give me some advice ?
Thank you . Do I have to pay in advance ?
Hi . How can I help you ?
You know that I only allow one absence per semester , don't you ?
How much is the membership fee ?
Do I have to travel a lot ?
Instead of walking you can take this shuttle to get you there faster .
I can play drums , but I haven ' t played for a while . I ' m not sure I ' d be good enough to play in a band .
Good idea . Just bring it back and we'll figure it out together .
I hear you're entering the speech contest , Mike .
Yes , it is . Conrad is gay . Didn't you know ?
Hmm ... it's hard to figure out the exact size , I'm afraid .
What are you going to be doing ?
You are always so naughty .
I'm afraid not . We insist on a letter of credit , because as seller , we also have the problem of funds being tied up .
You are something else you know that ?
I'm not feeling too well . I've caught a cold .
Thanks for coming over to help . I really appreciate it . First , could you peel the vegetables ? I ' Ve put them all in the sink and there is a peeler .
I don't blame you , sir . Two dollars is a lot of money .
Right , a ballpark figure is fine , and slant it a little high if you have to .
When I asked him to treat me like he does to my sisters , he jumped down my throat . So I took it out on him by telling him what I thought .
( 5 minutes later ) What sort of hairstyles do you like ?
I'm looking forward to our son's graduation this weekend .
Me too . If we don ' t do something soon , It might be too late .
Yeah , seems that you have a lot to learn and memorize .
Who cares ? She is pretty .
This is Room 603 . I'm afraid that the heating system doesn't work . It's very cold here .
People are funny .
OK , I will have to take some details from you . Could you tell me your name , please ?
I dare you to talk to that girl .
Unscrew the burnt fuses and replace them with the good ones . You can find them on the rack in the basement .
You mean your sister ?
Go ahead .
What do you want me to do about it ?
What , your short already , sir .
Don't you know that he has been carrying a torch for Mary for years ?
Don ' t worry . That ' s just a part of being a teenager .
Pleased to meet you . My name is Alice . Did you just move in next door ?
Oh , wait a minute . What about a lid for the pan ?
Baby , I love you so much .
OK . I get it . I'm getting back into bed ...
Could you drop us off on that corner ?
What a large child !
Well , too bad . So , what foreign film won an Oscar in 1993 ?
Would you please get the bill ready before supper ?
Mary , today is a great day for you .
well , last night I had a big argument with Ann .
Sorry , the connection is terrible . I'll call you back because I can't hear anything .
I'm afraid you can't .
Then why don ' t we go for a walk in the hills . It ' d be very good for us you know .
I don't mind walking .
Is it ? I had no idea it was so late . I must be off now .
Please meet him now .
so where did you land ?
Are you serious ? How can that be ?
Hi , Mr . James , what ' s the rush ?
That's why I promised that invoking would be up and running by the end of next week .
What ? Then what did you do ?
How many persons are there in your family ?
thank you for help . good bye .
Do you think children watch too much Tv ?
Driver , bring me to the station .
The boss is planning to sell the company .
Then make an appointment by telephone and wait for the interview .
Yes , you get off at the square .
Pleased to see you , too , Mr . Brown .
Well , today your doctor wants us to check your white blood cell count .
Twenties would be fine .
Are you sure ? We can't really take it ? I reconfirmed with Miss Peterson the other day .
No , really . I'm not in the mood for it .
Oh , honey , but you must know what your hobby is , right ?
So you are interested in our company .
School has added several new courses to our grade this semester . I have more homework to do now .
That's good enough , I think . What colors does the new Accord come in ?
Wow ! What happened to you ? You look sad .
Listen to this . Mary got married .
Most models only eat once a day . If they can do it , so can we .
Oh , I am sorry . I ' m afraid I can ' t do it now . I have to meet my supervisor in a few seconds . But I could mail it after that .
Yes , there are 62 in totals , and 2 of them still can't be sure .
Well , there ' s nothing we can ' t handle . I ' ll spray the floorboards and walls to get rid of the cockroaches , but the termites will be harder to get rid of . We will have to cover the entire house and fumigate it . Unfortunately that means you will have to find a place to stay for the next three days .
The wine choices are posted on the little menu in the middle of the table .
Heineken and Budweiser . We have a two-for-one happy hour special .
No problem , sir .
I think I like classical music better .
How many days does it take to Dalian ?
Do you ever have to do the night shift ?
Even if an item is on sale ?
Without is fine .
OK , now let's go on to talk about initial deposits .
This building is only four years old . It was built with central air .
isn ' t it really cold there ?
I ' Ve heard many people saying that it is a place worth touring . I really want to see the old walls and terra-cotta warriors one day . Of course I won ' t miss the local food either . You know , the sites interests a food in scenery , food is a key factor when visiting a place .
The question is easy for everybody . Don ' t you think so ?
I will try . My apologies .
I know that you are interested in our washers .
Yes . Do you have any specials today ?
Hello . May I help you ?
your muscles are a spectacle !
There will be about 18 people .
Yeah , that will be the best part . Jack hasn't seen yours yet , right ?
Is that Phoenix time ?
You can find the most fashionable restaurants there . And also you can see the galleries , antique shops and the ballrooms .
What would you say was the lowest point in your life ?
Sure . This is the one I will not hesitate to recommend . Its color and style is so attractive and also the quality is really reliable .
I'm afraid it is . So you will have to pay two yuan extra . The total charge is four yuan .
I want to think of it for some time .
That sounds interesting .
Okay , now I ' d like to find out more about your last job . I see you spent almost four years at the London Weekly , is that right ?
I'd love to try it . but the equipment is expensive and it was still take a lot of practice .
You can say you have had a firm grasp of the professional knowledge , and you can communicate with others proficiently in English .
Maybe nowadays people hold different opinions on healthy diet .
Let me have a look . I think the batteries should be changed . Let me replace them with new ones . Now , it's working .
Do you mind if I get a lift in your car , please ?
Yes , I heard the lights were out all night .
I'm sorry , but everything is taken .
Oh , this feels very nice . It's perfect . I'll take it .
Does that mean you ' re not going to take the train to work anymore ?
Oh , do you want to play sometime ?
Hi , Jason . It ' s Elizabeth Montgomery . Have you got those plans drawn up yet ?
Maybe you can come to the bar one day and I ' ll show you around .
Exercise has no benefit unless you sweat like a pig .
Hold the line , please . ( ... ) All right . Your seat is confirmed , Mr . Adams . You'll be arriving in Buenos Aires at 4 o'clock p . m . local time .
Well , what brings you here ?
The company introduction , our mission , vision , various policies , insurances , pension plan , company ID , batch , telephone , e-mail set-up and training .
All right , madam . For which dates do you want to book the rooms ?
It is nice , but it would be nicer if my macho husband would get off his tush and help me . Ha-ha ... Have this . It's from Italy !
So next time , I'd better take a few sips , to ' save face ' at least , right ?
That was a cake walk . It ' s nothing to speak of .
That's the last time I'm trusting you with the transportation .
Are you going anywhere for your vacation ?
Hi , can I help you ?
How's your mother doing ?
Is there a problem , officer ?
Do you have much experience with kids ?
Let me see your passport , please .
No , I don't know which one to choose . I think maybe you can help me .
Yes , I ' m feeling very well these days .
Yes . I'll pick you up first , and then we'll go get Megan .
Don't you ever cheat on me .
I think so . One minute I feel quite awake , and the next I feel very tired .
Where to , sir ?
I ' m sorry sir but , what exactly did you do ?
What's your name ?
When did you learn to dance ?
I'm afraid I can't . Parking is not allowed here .
That depends . We offer membership for one month , half a year and one year .
I see . You want to have your goods shipped from New York to Osaka via Hong Kong , where they can be transshipped . Is that the idea ?
Is it difficult to learn ?
I started at PCC .
When are you coming back ?
Yes . I was awarded a scholarship from the university every year . In 1995 I participated in the National Contest of Maths Models and I won the prize .
You already ate .
Just a sec I ' m just gonna vacuum this rug real fast .
Well , some money of course , a vise , all my identity cards and some photos .
Hello . I'm Jason .
Around 20 minutes , but it all depends on the traffic .
Fine . we we'll send it to you right now .
How long does it take ?
You can ask Frank and Cathy to help you .
sounds great . see you then .
Sorry , you can only pay cash .
Where do you need to catch this bus at ?
Go and get it repaired .
yes , though I don't think her acting skills are that great .
Can you accept a check ?
There ' s nobody here by that name .
It's sounds like fun .
The brakes don't really work that well anymore either .
Just calm down . I'm sure you'll do well .
Yes , she really went out of her way to make this a pleasant dining experience .
I'd love to . What date is it ?
Yes , I ' m a singer .
I'm sorry sir , this flight has been cancelled due to some mechanical problems .
He must be mad ! Nick is a loan shark .
So beat the cat , but don't kill it .
Yes , it sure is . I had to run here from work ! I need to rush as I'm on my lunch break .
Okay . Let's see . . . a size 36 dark brown leather belt . Oh , yes . Her e we are . Do you think your husband will like this one ?
Just word of mouth .
How about your one-year-old baby ?
Oh , how I wish this all wasn't happening !
Yes , at the beginning we were all excited and had lots of fun . However , on the third day of travelling in the city , I felt sick I think I had something bad to eat but it passed by the evening .
A movie sounds good .
I've always got room for something sweet !
Tango is my favorite . Anything but hip-hop or the foxtrot . ( the music has stopped )
Hello , Mr . Jones , its ...
I've never tried E-shopping . Is it better than shopping at an actual store ?
Yes , I think you'll be very satisfied with that one .
This situation isn't easy to handle .
We need to do a group report tomorrow . I need to go to the stationer to buy something for the posters .
They want you to pick up the cost of the home inspection , but they accepted your offer .
I'll just have this all wrapped up for you .
No , sir . So far it is the least expensive suite for tomorrow night .
Yes . I'd like to make a reservation to Los Angeles on Sep . 19th .
I am on my way to the doctor now , but I should be back in about 45 minutes . Can I come back at around 3:15 ?
Monica , wait a moment . I think we ' d better call the repair man to do it .
How about this one ? It's the special local product .
Yes , exactly , because I want these goods on our market at the earliest possible date .
Alright everyone settle down . Let ' s get started . As you know , an important aspect of becoming a good citizen is understanding the genesis of our legal system . It is not enough to simply memorize our laws , it is necessary that we comprehend why and how they were formed . This brings me to our topic for today . Does anyone know what we celebrate on May first ?
That'll be eighty-five cents .
I'll have to ask my wife how long she'll need it for as it is mainly for her belongings . I'll come back after we have discussed it . Thanks for your help .
Where are you from , Laura ?
Please come in , Steven .
Yeah , it costed a bundle , alright ?
Yes , I had a look just now , I feel we can do a lot of business in this line .
Not at all .
Yes , I ' m also going to watch the triple jump and the high jump .
Man , I ' m freaking out ! You gotta help me !
Thank you . And how is your business in the clothing business circle ?
If you have any problems , just call us .
Thank you so much , I would really appreciate that .
He treats everyone pretty poorly , but the way he treats me really takes the cake !
Really ? Are you willing to recommend me for the position ?
I know this may seem like a silly question , but does your car have gasoline ?
What a nice day !
Would you mind telling me a little bit about your present job ?
Is this your first time visiting Beijing ?
How about the end of this month ?
Did you get a nice tree ?
It's really cold . It snowed all day and the schools closed early .
Is there a Post Office sign on the building ?
Serious ? Only the proof of my address .
We ' re just going door to door .
I started washing here about three years ago .
Hello , this is my claim tag . Can I get my baggage ?
Really ? I can ' t believe you actually found an apartment in the ads .
So Jimmy just took him in instead and it cost him an arm and a leg .
If you give me your credit card , I can take care of it for you .
It looks good on you .
I ' d like to set a fixed time for this meeting before we finish today . Can you all take a look at your schedules ?
It is said that the Cowherd and the Spinster , the lover stars in heaven , can only meet on the seventh Eve , so this day has become the Lover's Day .
Thank you for telling me .
What is there in the air ?
But we have to work tomorrow .
Sure , where are you ?
I was missing you too .
You can ' t be serious !
You know that this afternoon's meeting is cancelled , right ?
That's right . Here you go .
Have you taken any medicine ?
I promise .
We will definitely be getting another .
Do you think Bruce Willis just drank a Coke for his health ?
I'm afraid we have to wait for the next bus .
Yes , my birth date is September 22 , 1977 .
I am very familiar with Windows operating system .
These guys are professional . I think they can have it done tomorrow . Let's ask .
Thank you . It's lucky that I have got a good partner .
If you happen to find one , please bargain with the owner for it . I'd like to have one . It's interesting to see the integration of the Han and Mongolian cultures on this small piece of metal .
How about tango ?
All right , I see what you mean .
Would you like to go sightseeing tomorrow ?
Oh , so am I .
I can send that information to you .
That sounds good . How much is one ?
Yeah , it ' s a couple weeks away , and we don ' t have anything yet .
Yeah right ! I ' m serious ! You should also cut down on your sugar intake as well . You drink carbonated drinks that are high in fructose syrup ! It ' s really not healthy !
Sounds like a good car ! How many miles to the gallon ?
That's fine with me , but we'll have to get there early . Because after 8 pm , there is always a long line .
Yeah , I ' m with you on that .
You are not telling me that we drove 50 miles to come here for just sunbath , are you ?
Really ? In that case , could I have the number of the Service Centre please ?
What ? How happy you life is ! I do envy you .
Do you have the latest lipstick from Christian Dior ?
There we go ! I got the blood that I needed .
So you asked him about the girl who called ?
Six .
don't worry .
He borrowed it from Nick .
Thank you . It was really a challenge to speak before such a large audience , you know .
Be patient . Good food never comes fast .
Great ! I love swimming . Besides , I need a tan for Hill ' s party ..
That should be loads of fun .
Remember the garden party they gave when we were in England ?
Ei , OK , er .. Fred . Thank you for seeing me today .
Yes , he likes the people and the quietness there .
I see . Do your parents ever ask you to come home to visit them more often ?
Yes , I've been sitting here for a few minutes . I'm waiting for someone to put gas in my car .
Do you want to know something about the American character ?
I think we have . Is there anything else to discuss ?
Mmm ... it is delicious .
I don't mind the work . I think it's worthwhile .
Right , and what about our friendliness and attitude ?
Excuse me , I don't feel good right now .
I'm a real man , and I like football .
Didn't you get the memo ?
I really want to be far away from the reality now .
Sure , as long as you don't try to kiss me at midnight !
Where did you get that idea ?
I was hoping to talk to you today about your business .
Very good , sir . Your order will be ready in one week .
Good morning ! I am a rookie in our office .
Nowadays , it's no difference from America . But in old times , we have traditional ways to celebrate it .
Yes , madam . I graduated from Tianjin College of Finance and Trade three years ago .
I think so , too . Our only request is that the quality is in conformity with the contract stipulations .
A wild dancer dropped it on my left foot and said nothing about it . If I had drunk enough and I would have had the bold to punch him in the face .
Who's coming ?
Here we are on the train .
Only 3 % ? That's not much . If you could make some concessions , we would probably buy some of your other products .
Oh , my CV . Yes , here it s . There are three copies .
What does the contact information include ?
Here you are , madam . All these are sixteens .
Oh , yes . We all sat on the grass , and Margaret played the guitar and sang Greek songs .
Do you wash windows ?
Is that so ? But I think It shouldn't keep you long in bed .
OK , please fill in a Deposit Slip . All you need to do is to write the amount here and your name over here , on this line . I'll take care of the rest . First , could I see some ID ?
I have no plans on being back .
Are you helping him all afternoon ?
The offices there were too expensive . Have we negotiated any contracts yet ?
How long will you be away ?
Not quite . The software engineers are testing it just now .
Anything you want . They have both casual and formal styles .
And what should I wear ?
I am sorry to hear that , but face the music .
Instead of walking , you can take this shuttle to get you there faster .
I'm just taking a break between washing the windows and cleaning the toilet .
Why ? Do you have a robot girlfriend ?
I was never told to go to court .
Everyone in my family really enjoys playing card games .
Of course you can call the police if you want . That's not what I mean . I'm just saying that they probably won't do anything .
Oh , that's right . Renting is good !
So that's the Family Reunification .
Of course . The changing rooms are over there .
Then , what shall we do on Sunday .
I knew this would happen some day ...
Is that different from this kind of zoo ?
I'd rather say it's confusing . what are those " strict nutrition philosophies " about ?
Yes . You look very smart today .
Betty was in hospital .
I believe there are still two Psychology classes open .
BYOB ? What's that ?
You're positive that these are the only classes left ?
About 6:00 .
Oh , you mean Pavarotti , Domingo and Carreras . Have you been to their live shows ?
Not tonight , thank you .
Boy , this surely doesn't help us much . It could be anybody . How about his cloth ? What was he wearing .
This is Action 5 News reporter Sarah O ' Connell reporting live from Washington , D . C . where a protest has broken out . Thousands of angry citizens are protesting against the proposed bailout of the auto manufacturing industry ! Sir , sir , Sarah O ' Connell , Action 5 news . Can you tell us what ' s happening ?
Who's Ellie ?
What did you think of the film ?
Good . Thanks for asking .
They would say I am a dependable friend and a capable colleague .
It's a bit small but looks nice . What ' s more , it's only ten minutes ' walk to the company .
I am quite active and energetic . I approach things enthusiastically and I don't like leaving things half done .
Why did you choose to attend that college ?
Yes I can . I speak it very well .
Oh , Susie . Didn ' t I tell you over and over again that you wouldn ' t be able to climb the mountain unless you got enough sleep ?
Do you have a double room for tonight ?
Yes , ma'ma . May I help you with your bags ?
Excuse me , driver . Does this bus go to the museum ?
It's interesting , I like being an editor .
Actually , I don't think I can eat another bite !
Excuse me . Where do I register ?
Can I apply for it right now ?
Everything looks so good . Is there anything in particular that you recommend ?
congratulations ! I hope when you hold the wedding ceremony , I ' m still residing in Beijing .
Wow , you ' re up early today ! What ' s for breakfast ?
Do you know what they are playing ?
You mean we can't stay in this hotel tonight ?
Is that where you park ?
Did they ask you to send the files beforehand ?
You sound like the TV ! You're not going to tell me that aliens built the Pyramids , are you ?
What do you mean , Mr . Smith ? You said to make it brief .
Have you decided on anything ?
Well , you have three hearts -- lucky in love tonight . Dress up and go on a date !
Aha ! Now I understand . You were trying to buy stolen goods on the sidewalk . So , what I think is , you deserve to get cheated !
It's usually a bit hotter than today .
Hello , could you tell me my test results ?
I am not being all that particular right now because I just need to keep a roof over my head .
Thank you ! That would be very kind of you . I have a saw in the garden shed .
I wonder if you can cook things this good .
I worked as a personnel manager in a state-owned company , and then I transferred to a joint venture as a sales manager . So I am familiar with the exile market in China .
We've got plenty of inflatables , but if you want to sit on a chair , you'll have to bring your own sunlounger .
Sometimes all a place needs is a little bit of cleaning and some fresh paint .
Oh , that's fine .
Walk ?
Oh , come on . Jane is a very nice girl , someone you meet only once till lifetime .
Oh , I didn ' t know that ! I thought they just paint it on your skin or something .
You must be tired after the long flight . Let me carry the bags for you .
8825 1127 4235 9869 .
It ended in a tie .
The flight only takes an hour and a half . It arrives at eight o'clock .
In three months or so ?
No problem . I'll wait for your call .
OK . If he wants to make any changes , minor alternations can be accepted . Let me know what happens .
Salary is , admittedly , important , but I will care more about what I can learn from the job .
No . Constant drinking of over-strong tea would do harm to people's health . So don't make your tea too strong .
Thank you . By the way , is there any preferential rate for the party ?
When did you get your TEFL certificate ?
Yes , I do . Those are violets , aren ' t they ?
You're a hundred percent sure you want to eat here ?
That's for the wine .
Oh yes , I've heard of that one . Everyone I've spoken with says that it is great !
Oh , OK . Wow !
Arden wants to have a trademark for our new series of products registered . But I have no idea on the registering process .
You are absolutely right . They are too brief . They don't tell you anything .
So , what are you going to do ?
Yes , I paid my fines .
Hello , may I speak with the property manager , please ?
It ' s a great pleasure to meet you , Mr . Brown . I believe you have seen our exhibits in the showroom . May I know what particular items you ' re interested in ?
Irish coffee is my favorite . But I can drink any other . I'm not particular on it .
He's dancing with Jack !
Ok , thank you . Goodbye .
But Joe won't you .
What kind of vegetable do you want ?
You ' Ve god a fever and playing football isn ' t a good idea for a boy with a fever . What ' s that on your arm ?
Sure . That would be great .
Good morning , madam . What can I do for you ?
That ' s exactly what they did .
Flexibility would certainly rank high in this type of job . In my last position , I supported four lawyers , and it was not unusual for them all to give me high-priority items to do in the same day or week . There were days when I had to stop and prioritize my work just to get a handle on everything . I would discuss the urgency of their work with each of them so I didn't drop the ball . At the same time , I made sure each of them felt like his or her project was important on my agenda . I think communication is probably the next key quality . It really worked well when I talked with each of them , explained my situation , and got their input .
What is the telephone number there ?
I understand . While it's always good to follow the local customs , I guess there are exceptions .
Tomorrow I'll take you to some places that I'm sure you will have interest in .
Good afternoon , madam . How can I help you ?
No problem . Pick me up something to eat too , please .
But that makes thirteen people ! We can't have thirteen people for dinner on Friday !
Come on . A trip will do you good . Are you doing anything this weekend ?
Well , what shampoo do you prefer ?
Of course . A two-week paid vacation a year , a five-day workweek .
crazy !
you must have a high IQ score .
I will . Merry Christmas .
Can you book me a room with a bath for August 28 ?
Yes . I am . Actually my wife is a teacher .
Oh , what kind of music do you listen to ?
Okay . This will be charged to your amenities account , okay ?
What store do you shop at ?
Yeah , but corrupt governments in the past have created distrust among banks and financial institutions , so now people prefer to have money hidden in a jar or a piggy bank .
That's exactly why I decided to quit the job and find a new one .
It should have been , but it wasn ' t .
Bob , what are you thinking about ?
Wait a moment , please . Oh , yes , Steven Smith . It's for a single room with a bath . Is that right ?
It's been a long time , hasn't it ? How have you been ?
We needed larger premises so we moved to this greenfield site last year . It's nearer the motorway so it's better for transportation .
No , I don ' t . I ' m a tourist .
Yes , it is .
In an hour .
Ah-ha , I thought so .
Well , I , umm , I flushed it ...
We haven't come here in business but for pleasure . We should go out exciting . What can you see in the subway ? Nothing !
Oh , yes . There is a big one at the right corner of the street . Perhaps you will get one there .
How about the rice ?
No , thanks . I'm just looking .
Ok .
Oh , I see . I'd like to have hot food .
I'd get it myself if I could .
As you know , our main focus is to penetrate the markets of countries in Asia . What is the current legal framework in the countries ?
OK ! Do you take your bank card or bankbook with you ?
Have a good day at school ! See you tonight !
I know doctor , thank you so much .
Hey , Frank , there is that Janet chick .
It's on at 8 pm at the Phoenix Theatres . I have a membership there , so I can book the tickets ahead of time .
That sounds fair . That's still cheaper than paying a band to come play for us .
You'll have to dismantle the unit and lubricate the bearings . Do it as quickly as you can but make sure you top up the oil before you start the motor up again .
Yes , Mr . Foster , our hostess will be with you in just a moment .
Do you have any idea if the parking structure has any spaces left ?
I know ! I was in ankle deep water trying to get to my car that day ! The handyman definitely has his work cut out for him .
What would you do with all the animals ? You couldn ' t just let them go . Besides , some people would still hunt them . Meat has become an integral part of our diet .
Thank you . Bye-bye !
I need some US Dollars .
How is everything ?
How ' s your trip going ?
I have just got lost with my friends . Would you please help me find them ?
Like that Rastafarian over there ? You mean dreadlocks ? You crazy ! That'll take way too long .
Are there pets allowed in this apartment ?
How often must I take it ?
Certainly . A single room is 120 dollars American , per night .
There's a new play tonight .
I don ' t have a car .
Perhaps . That will be more complicated , if we use wooden boxes .
Core courses are ones that you must take . Elective courses are ones that you get to choose for yourself .
We are very interested in your printed pure silk scarves , so could you introduce us your prices ?
Please have a seat . I know our employment officer has already given you information about your employee contract , but I'd like to go over the main details again before signing . First , you'llbe getting a monthly salary , with one month paid vacation after one year of employment .
( The waiter makes the cocktail for Mr . Bellow and hands into him . ) Here is your Shanghai cocktail , Mr . Bellow .
she's probably just excited about her new job . You should give her some time . It would be a shame to lose such a good friend .
First , you pick up the receiver , wait for the dialing signal , dial the number , and then put the coin into the slot , press the ' speak ' button . Then everything is done .
I ' Ve been waiting for a response on the Blake Building design for nearly two weeks .
And for the Savings Deposit ?
There's always Gramercy Tavern . They have live jazz . The food is delicious , but very expensive .
Right , to be famous to be respectable in some way .
Me too . To keep up with the changing world , one must be involved in lifelong learning and be ready to accept new things .
callous is a great Internet-based placement service that is available to you .
Did you get any rewards or honors in college ?
Sure . I ' d love to join you . Can we stop by the computer store ? I just want to see if they have something .
I can lend you some money .
I just want a private conversation with one other person .
Do you think you could pick him out of a line-up ?
That's interesting . Let's hurry up , we should beat them in the first half .
Can we just sit wherever we want ?
It is free on weekend .
I tried it for a half-hour . It was interesting , but ... well ... I couldn't really do it .
I want some chicken and potatoes .
Right here . It ' s for that new fax machine we ' re getting .
People with high blood pressure seldom know they have it , which is why we call it the silent killer .
I would like to return this book .
Yes , I know . I regret it very much .
Thank you . See you tomorrow .
No idea . We've enjoyed both the natural scenery and the city sights . What else is there to see ?
I quite like this one . How much is it ?
It might be , but for a while I also want you to take an ACE inhibitor , Lisinopril .
The TV news is reporting a bank robbery .
What about the tickets ? I've already bought them .
Just cut a little off .
We have a variety of trousers . Which one do you like best ?
Did you forget to put anything on the list ?
This is the good life ! We have it good don ' t you think ?
With the job ?
Do you know what's wrong with my PC ?
Before you send the lease , do you have any questions ?
203 .
Mmmm ... how about the period of repayment ?
At first it is going to be difficult . During the first three months , I'm on probation . So I won't get sales commissions until after that .
Everything seems to be getting worse . I don't know what to do with it .
I have booked a table for 3 this evening . I would like to cancel it .
That's correct . We have four seasons of spring .
Yep . Every country in the world has a different system , but here we buy insurance from a private provider .
But she means to help you , not to trouble you .
And I'm the one who put him there with my football moves .
He is surely a hard nut , nobody likes approaching him .
You had better include that because it is easier for the mailmen to find the correct mailing address .
Sure . How long is your vacation ?
Seeing as next month is our slow season , that should not be a problem .
But I heard that she had a three-year-old girl .
I'd like to hear that .
I want haircut and perm .
Oh , really ? Would you transfer to another company if it is not what you expected ?
Could I have your Savings Book and the money , please . You are making a deposit of 800 RIB , is that correct ?
Steve , you look pale . What happened ?
Yes , I went to the Than He Sports Center for the football match last Sunday .
that makes sense . Who interviewed you ?
You need to free your disk space . The simplest way is to use a Disk-Cleanup tool to remove temporary files and in store programs that you no longer use . Things should be fine next time you start . You also need to control what starts up . There is a program calls Start-up Delayer , It can help to set after how much time programs should be loaded after Windows boosts . For example , you can choose to set your Fox Mail program to load 30 seconds after Windows starts up .
Well .. we're not sure yet , probably in St . Albans .
Actually I think the buses and trains here are more modern .
I ' m not sure . Why don ' t you believe there is a god ?
Yes , Mr . Emory . Thank you .
When the result comes out , I will tell you about it . Remember , never be afraid or be too tired .
I think  5 would be good .
It's not all techno music . It's not a special techno night .
Unfortunately , we're out of filet mignon at the moment . May I suggest the porterhouse instead ?
Well , tell him to take it easy and that I hope he feels better .
Do you want to send it by air or by regular mail ?
No , don't you know what happened ?
Sure , great effect . My weight has dropped from 150 pounds to 120 .
We can do it tomorrow ; just call me .
I want to rent skis and boots .
Hmm , maybe I do .
I wonder if I could enroll in it . I know it is a graduate course and I ' m a junior , but ...
Oh , I wish I didn ' t have so much to carry .
No , I ' m not . Would you please drive slowly and carefully ?
I was in New York for a wedding .
A party of 13 .
At six o'clock in the International Hotel . We'll pick you up this afternoon . Besides , if you care for visiting , we'll arrange some sightseeing for you .
My pleasure Miss . Actually , could you recommend what to eat here ? I've never been here before .
You have a pet lizard ? Somehow I never would have imagined that .
Do you have a car or motorbike ?
Would you please fill out this currency declaration form ? It's a record of the foreign currency you have brough in .
Let me have a look at the pamphlet .
Sure . But please attach this claim tag .
Yes . He's never said anything so I never told him . But now that he's getting older ...
Sure it is . Why don't we go to a park ?
Good . Now , if you'll just sign here , you can start work in 3 days .
Is lunch included ?
OK , do you want us to use starch ?
Oh , I seem to lose something every time I travel .
Yeah , that's a good idea , and you like to cook .
Are you sure ?
Hi . Steven . I just drop in and want to have a chat with you .
Certainly . It could really benefit someone like you . Besides insurance for you , you can also get more or less dividends from the insurance company .
Yeah , I ' ll probably just stay in and relax . Maybe watch a few movies .
It seems reasonable . By the way , I can get my earning raised with a excellent performance , can't I ?
What did you want to order ?
I went to play tennis in the public park .
Okay , let ' s make a toast .
Which way do we go for the northern line ?
I have studied carefully the information about your company on the internet and I have checked your company ' s homepage . I am impressed by the company . And I like the products a lot . Since you ' re growing steadily , I would be very eager to help you to improve your accounting system .
Not rally . 200 years ago , it was just a small insignificant village .
There's nothing left from dinner .
Oh ...
Good to meet you too .
No , I haven't , but I've seen several interesting advertisements in the paper .
Are we going to walk or drive ?
You don ' t know that I have been over-protected by my mother these years . I am really about to leave the family and spread my wings .
Within two weeks , because the new employees need to receive induction training .
I'll need a coach open return . What's the fare ?
Will that be all ?
Thanks . Where shall we put our luggage ?
I wish I could unsay the sharp words to him . He must hate me very much .
Would you like to put it on your hotel bill ?
You'll love this ! I can use a stylus to draw a map on the touch screen and then use the fax mode to send it to another phone .
What if not ?
Magazines about fashions , such as Cosmo Polian .
What a strange guy !
That ' s great . Where did you stay ?
That's true . I guess it would be difficult to have people taking pictures of you everywhere you go .
I don't think we've met .
Whatever , I think I ' m gonna get liposuction and a nose job and some breast implants as well .
So when you Chinese think of Chinatown , you mostly think of food . Is that right ?
Honey , I'm sorry . I promise you , this summer vacation , I will take you to Huang-Shan Mountains . It is more beautiful and magnificent .
I have a little white cat .
Sure . Are you wearing any make-up ?
Now that you mention it , I'm getting a little bumed-out from studying nonstop , too . Listening to some music for a while would suit me just fine .
I think you're right . An international response to this problem is needed .
Do you have any plans for Veteran ' s Day ?
Do you want to know where I got mine from ?
May be I can have a try . But I'm on vacation now .
I was worried you would think it was too far to drive .
Can I sample a grape ?
Nonsense ! The business schools measure your ability through a test called GMAT .
Brooke , are you still mad ? Is your mom mad ?
A little bit , but I know that the elevator isn't enclosed . at least I wouldn't be smothered there .
Someone claimed it was one of the two man-made wonders that could be seen on the moon .
I will send you an invoice in the next few days . Your order should be delivered before the end of the day on Monday .
I shopped there before too , but the food is better at Whole Foods .
That ' s a good idea
It's eighty four euro per night excluding VAT .
You look a little lost , can I help you ?
Come on . It ' s no trouble at all .
I have rights , don't I ?
Yes . There is a large swimming pool , but it is only available in summer .
The purpose of each test is given on the site .
No , he's coming with Aunt Cynthia and the girls .
It's worth a shot .
Thankyou . Goodbye !
Hi . I bought one of your vacuums from spend-wart . It ' s broken now .
Hi , Mary .
Please fill out this application .
That will be fine . What I have to show you will only take a few minutes of your time .
How did you pay them ?
... sir ?
Are you interested in science ? I can't believe it .
All right , Miss . I think we will get there if there are no delays on the way .
Excuse me , miss . I'm Bob .
No , not so soon . Couldn ' t I persuade you to stay a couple of days more ?
That ' s all the time we have for today , but join us next time where we ' ll be going over how to make the perfect lasagna ! Till next time !
No , not at all . Very straight . Her hair comes down like this ... just over the ears .
Do you want to sign for a Korea language class ?
Well , I ' d like to talk about my new contract with you , if that ' s all right .
But the sales number is close to the predicted amount .
I am afraid I would tense up during the interview .
I'm still hungry .
Yes , I would love to work on a special project !
The grand total is $ 32 . 42 . How would you like to pay ?
Hey , Mary , can you cut that out ?
What was your impression of her when you saw her in person ?
Why not try it on ?
Ok . Boy , this looks expensive .
How gross ! I can ' t handle people like that . Does he at least give you a hand around the house ?
Your T-zone gets oily easily , but your cheeks are dry in winter . Am I right ?
Asking her father in front of her . How do you think she will react ?
Because it's supposed to be good for you .
Have you noticed the Mexican restaurant on the other side of this street ?
He must be regretting about having done the business .
Huh ? Um ... well , it's nice to see that some people still have big families .
Lisa , would you like to go to the library with me ?
Well , I ' d just like you to help me with the holiday schedule .
Can ' t it wait ? I ' m watching the game right now !
Can you tell me how many credits would be enough for a Bachelor's degree ?
Oh , don't you ? God save me !
That's a notebook ?
It tastes good . How much are the grapes per kilo ?
I am glad to work with you , too . Good luck !
I know , I didn't have time to put things away before you got here .
You are shopping for a pillow online ? That ' s absurd !
You should look it up on our computer .
That will be fine .
Well , what game do you want to play ?
Hi . I want to open an account with you , so I can pay my bills by direct debit .
It's too bad for the environment . So much pollution from cars .
Good afternoon , Mrs . Vale . Please sit down .
Oh , a bouquet of flowers . It's very kind of you .
Yes , they are all distinctive Chinese .
Is it a two-pin socket ?
The people have spoken .
Don't worry about it . It's just a drop in the bucket . That car has more scratches on it than I can count .
Of course we can . We can provide the quantity you ask for .
Yes . I ' Ve read news about him in today ' s paper .
Just put it on the table , please .
Do you like it better here or at PCC ?
I need to stay in the area because of my family .
No , it's an express .
Well , now we're stuck . What can we do ?
38000yuan is my final offer .
Are you being served , sir ?
Three or four o'clock ?
How have you been ?
Hi , Cole . What can I do for you ?
So I couldn't get through . I knew I'd be late because my car wouldn't start . It was too cold I had to warm it up in the garage with a heater . That's why I'm late .
Yeah . I am so excited that Obama won .
No . I'd like to do that now .
Have a glass of wine , Mr . Wu ? And let me introduce you to some of my guests .
How much are these in all ?
Of course , here is the catalogue and the price list . You can have a look . We also have many other kinds of carpets .
Oh , nothing special . I'm just a bit tired .
That's very good . Shall we sign a contract now ?
Yes , it wasn't too hard to get . All I had to do was fill out the paperwork and pay the application fee .
Martini , please .
I agree completely . I just don't understand what's wrong with them . Don't they have any humanity ?
Since there are four of you , would you like to split a second dessert ?
No , but she told me to telephone her next week .
Looks nice . Okay , I'll take it .
It began with a shiver then I perspired a great deal .
Without a doubt . Relevant department will try their best .
I needed to talk to you about your son .
Ah , yes . I remember now . Were you Mr . John ' s dinner partner last month ?
What ' s it for ?
Hello , welcome to Credit Services . How can we help you ?
What time ? I ' d like to go , but my calendar is really full today .
Yeah . I have got much pressure in the company . I have to be wrapped up in my work .
Yeah , I had been in the charity organization for 2 months and I learned a lot from that experience , including love , sympathy , equality , and so on .
What ' s the plot of your new movie ?
While the pale color symbolizes beauty and elegance in most Asia countries .
When will you be able to fix it ?
It's nine o'clock now . And I'll wait for him .
Is there anything I can help you with ?
Dumplings .
No . But they play techno all the time . It drives me crazy after forty minutes . And anyhow , if we go to the Latin Club you could actually learn some Latin dance steps . At the New Bar you'll just shake yourself around for an hour . And then you'll get sick of stand you'll want to go get drunk somewhere where the drinks are cheaper . I know you .
Have you remarried since then ?
Yes , thanks .
Thank you . I'm through with one steamed bread and I'd like a second helping .
I guess that must be what I ' m hearing , I really couldn ' t place it . Do go back to Madrid often ?
I see , so what are we having ? Chicken ?
Well . I like them a little heavier . I don't have as much control , usually bowling straight , but the extra momentum compensates for that .
Sit down here - don't put any pressure on it . I'd better call the company doctor .
Then have you put it in the bedroom ?
Have you any definite idea ?
Don't cover up your sadness . Let it go .
Mario and I are the best students in the class . Miss Parker says that my pronunciation is very good .
Do you think you'll be interested in studying law later ?
That's the beauty of these machines , you can do almost anything . And unlike a person , they don't usually take breaks or go off sick !
Don't worry about it . But how was it ?
I can ' t believe that Anthony is finally getting married !
No , honey , the balcony is full of boxes and things . I'm sorry .
He caught a cold yesterday , but he feels much better now .
Yeah . You know what Dave just said ?
It is time to butter him up .
you ' re right . I usually end up starting at my computer or checking my email instead of doing my work for class .
Hello , Kith , can you and Alice come around this evening ? We prefer your coming .
Yes , it ' s creating mildew on the walls .
Well , I enjoy the popcorn and being with you . You ' re more important than the movie .
You have all the fun , don't you ?
If I understand the terms correctly , the length of the contract would be one year with a one-year option . Is that correct ?
Could I see that automatic camera ?
How long will you be staying in China ?
Would you like this color or other colors ?
We should have it put together by the end of next week .
And the cover is great ! The colors are brilliant !
Yes , it's a general name for several laws related to economics , like Commercial Law , and Law of Central Bank .
Which services offered by your band do you use most ?
May I take the liberty to introduce myself to you ? My name is Dick Brown . I am the sales manager of our company .
Very good . How much does that cost ?
That purple one . I ' m sorry ... I ' Ve never bought jewellery for anyone and I ' m kind of nervous .
I think the government should make a serves of moves to cool the market .
Oh , Ralph , I heard it is very dangerous traveling in space . Disasters have happened before . If the spaceship were out of order . . .
I'll do the second floor and you do the first floor .
Tom's new business will do well .
I'm sorry , Sam . I don't want to go to the folk concert .
So what brings you to my office today ?
Nothing that I can think of right now . If something comes up , though , I'll call you .
Yeah . It's so nice of you to comfort me .
OK , dear sister , I see . This kind of thing will not happen again .
Were the injuries minor ?
What time are you going ?
I suppose you know very well that we require irrevocable letters of credit payable against presentation of shipping documents .
Don't be too upset . It ' s not the end of the world .
Ok , wait one minute . I must remember where I left the keys .
What do you think are the key qualities needed to succeed in the paralegal profession ?
So now my bill is  24 . 50 and yours come to  23 . 65 . Is that correct ?
We'll make it except a jam . You know it's rush hour .
No comment .
Yes , I did . My family and I went to Tahoe to ski and the weather was great . How about you ?
We have waited for a long time . When will we start ?
I don't even wanna talk about it . It killed me !
That's right . We should try to be laid back and not do lots of things to bother one another .
How dare you speak to me like this .
What is your problem ?
Have you seen this ?
Thay are coming back to narrow the gap .
Good start . You knocked eight pins down . But you are left with a 7,10 split . Unless you can bowl a UFO-ball on this bowl , it is going to be impossible .
I can ' t attend the meeting in Washington . I ' Ve proposed you as the most able substitute .
Your medical card No . , please ?
It depends .
Kate Green .
That's a great idea . Show me the Barbie dolls .
How is this one ? It's the latest , made of cashmere .
I stick to my principles and keep to the rules . Sometimes , they just lack enthusiasm . When I get them involved with something constructive , some of them change their attitude later .
In times of loss , it is often hard to pick up the phone . But his whole family was here .
That's just your personal prejudice . Do you know who was the director of the movie Titanic ?
Ok , Jason . So how was the flight ?
What is your long-term goal in this career ?
Well , I am sorry that I have a question . There is no remuneration item in this agreement . Can you tell me something about it ?
Maybe we all should learn something from him .
Hey , sis . You know me , if I don't like everything on the menu , I don't go back to the restaurant !
Hello !
Did you ever get your bus pass ?
She told me that she's got tennis practice today .
Sandy , I think we made a mistake ...
Good afternoon Miss . Are there plane tickets to San Francisco on the day after tomorrow ?
You think ?
Okay , thank you . Which way to the room ?
I am so happy to know that the promotion campaign for our new product is very successful . We just made a record sale this season .
Well , I don ' t have any other questions so far . I would like to think for a couple of days before I give you my final answer .
It's user friendly .
In that case I think Train No . 14 will be better . We can do more sightseeing in Beijing .
Thank you . Remember to look me up if you ' re ever in Washington .
That's wonderful . By the way , what kind of cabin will I have ?
What would you like to order , sir ?
You need to avoid highly fatty and greasy foods . You should also avoid too much sugar and caffeine .
I know , but I'm hungry .
OK . By the way , the stadium is terrific .
Jen , is there someone you're not telling me about ?
Yes , he married my sister ten years ago .
Awful ! My cell phone is out of service again . Fred , can you lend me some money ?
Good idea . It is always cooler in a shade .
Are you enjoying the class so far ?
What do you need my ID for ?
I will need to tear down that wall to fix that pipe .
Happy New Year , Bill .
Yeah . I played until I graduated from high school .
Are you coming to the bridal shower for Jane ?
Can I transfer it to my remaining account ?
Yes , I think so . The security door is so firm that nobody can break in .
What'd he do ?
Good ! I just thought I'd let you know .
OK . Do you have it in extra small ?
I'd like to put it on my VISA .
that smells great . I'll take one bottle , please .
On , what ' re you doing ? You look as busy as a bee .
Well , during school , they wanted good grades . Then after I got a job , they wanted me to get a better job . And finally , they want me to get married .
I should like to look at some bracelets .
What's the big deal ? It's just a picture of some woman .
It doesn't matter . I will teach you .
Oh , wonderful ! You speak English ! I need to exchange this foreign currency .
How could you not notice it ?
My dissertation . I put it somewhere last night and I can't find it now .
Yes , I see . There are just the two of you at the moment . Please take a look through this brochure ; it's especially for first-time-buyers . I think it'll be very helpful .
I said I am informing you of the interview .
Yes , I am sure that you got the flu . You need a shot .
Last night
I don't know . But he will certainly be back for lunch . This is his wife speaking . Can I take a message for you ?
The Employment Development Office will call you for an interview .
Are we covered by a good benefits plan ?
You're welcome . I hope all of you will have a good time here .
S M I T H .
How long do you plan to stay ?
Do I have to talk to the interviewer or just leave my application ?
Oh . I don't know what to do . I joined this club a long time ago and I didn't read the fine print .
A private vehicle , huh ? No , a taxi is okay .
Yeah . He makes a work put plan depending on the areas I want to work on , or the muscles I want to build . Like for example in order to get better muscle tone in my abs , pecs and biceps , he makes me work out with free weights . Then for my quads , calves and hamstrings , I do leg lifts or squats .
I just saw a piece of news , that a group of white color workers hold a flour war in the office because of dissatisfaction of the year-end benefits .
Oh , you've got a fever . One-oh-one ... time to break out the children's Tylenol .
I see . Is my ticket confirmed then ?
I told you I happened to be more important meeting at that time .
have you applied anywhere yet ?
Yes , it is . Look at the little light ! It blinks off and on .
A funny thing happened to me the other day .
Professor Wood ? I think he's a brilliant scientist .
What did you watch today ?
I'm sure they'll be fine once you break them in .
The car has very sleek lines . I love it .
Well , let's get together soon .
Hey , what's up ?
Dumplings again ? ! Oh , Amy , let's try something new !
that's a very difficult language to learn , isn't it ?
Are you sure that's high enough ?
Well , Jim . It is a combination of how much you eat , the type of food you eat , and when you eat your meals .
Here is your laundry . I am sorry to tell you that one of your clothes has shrunk due to our fault .
Jogging , yoga , or even just taking a walk .
I think so . Yes , they get along so well .
Well , when does the party start ?
They did . He inherited the money from an uncle . I hope he doesn ' t lose a lot of it in taxed to the government .
Would you like a drink ?
That's a lot of work .
Thanks a lot . I'm most grateful .
That is a long way to go . It is so kind of you to help me . Thank you very much .
Excuse me , are you Dr . Smith ?
Oh , does it really a long way to go .
You are here on business , aren't you ?
That's interesting . How often do you write a blog ?
I think that maybe Chinese families are closer than your families .
Good luck on your first election .
I see . The Fund Trading System of our Net Banking deals with both trading and information . If you use this system , you can subscribe for and apply to buy other funds . You can also get lots of other useful information .
The question is we only need one .
That's fate .
I don't really know where I want to go . I am having trouble thinking of a particular restaurant .
I'd be glad to , sir . But may I ask what line of business you are in ?
Hold on , let me pull up your version 7 requirements ... Oh yes , no wonder our estimate is a little different from what you had in mind . I see the version 7 also includes 6 additional hostesses and a cocktail self-serve bar that wasn't in the version 12 . That will definitely add to your cost on this project ...
I must have slept right through it .
Okay , next question . If Eric asked you out on a date , what would you say ?
Sir , I want to ask for a leave for five days . Here is the request form .
That's right . I had a phone call asking me to come back in , about rejecting them ?
Please I'd like a ticket to New York .
Here , take one of these trolleys . What do you want exactly ?
What do you feel like eating this morning ?
Why don't you go to bed ?
You're right .
I ' m thinking about where we shall spend our vocation .
Nice pun . What is it you active about him most ?
No , he's perfectly harmless . And he's not afraid of strangers either . Here , hold him .
I'm happy to hear that , but publishing is more than just talking to writers . it involves a lot of work , patience and responsibility . Most of the work is boring .
I don't think anyone will .
I stopped counting at nine .
Let me see . Would it be all right on Wednesday morning ?
Do you shave every morning ?
Well , for one thing , she's gorgeous . She's so upbeat and sweet . Who doesn't like her ? Oh , I don't know . All I do know is that I think we have great chemistry together . But , what if I'm wrong . Maybe she's just been nice to me out of courtesy and doesn't think of me that way . Oh ... forget it . This was a bad idea .
Where were you at ?
Yes , this one is in service . Put your card in here , in this slot and wait a moment . Then you will see some instructions on the screen .
yes . I would be directly responsible for all of the sales representatives in my department . I assume there'd be more meetings , paperwork , and other responsibilities , too .
Now you know you have to clean your bathtub every time when you use it .
What shall we do tonight ?
If you decide to put a limit on the amount of tv they can watch , remember to have something else for them to do . If you don ' t , they ' ll get bored and misbehave .
I don ' t really think I ' m ready to throw myself down a river full of jagged rocks in a rubber boat or go up in the air in a wicker basket held up by an oversize balloon . What else do you have ?
What's the latest fashion of evening gown ?
OK , we will try it .
How's Jerry's new school ?
Not , if you don ' t want to .
If I ' m better this afternoon , can I go to school ?
Is that the place that serves such large portions of meat ?
We have a new-fashioned cell phone especially designed for young girls . The brand name is Nokia .
Can you speak any other languages ?
Well , I attend an aerobic class three times a week .
Will there be anything else ?
Do you drink much ?
The dictionary .
What's the minimum amount I can deposit in an account ?
Our newest 15 - inch Pro is only $ 2,100 .
Yeah . Is Cindy up ?
That's sulphur you can smell . The whole of Taiwan is a volcanic region . That's why Taiwan has so many hot springs . It's volcanic activity . The sulfur smoke that you can smell is coming from those fumaroles over there .
If you did , you probably got ripped off .
And I ' m so honored that you would want to be with me because you would never be with anyone who wasn ' t truly worthy .
It's a bit expensive . Can you tell me the schedule ?
We're going up to the " new " Chinatown for dinner . I already know where we're going to go .
I hope your grandfather will recover soon .
Some routine job . Files , documents , faxes and so on .
Yes , he's too old to believe in that type of things . And I'd rather tell him before the kids at school do .
Nice to meet you , John .
What instructions ?
The national anthem of Canada is ' O Canada ' .
Does that mean the stronger the better ?
Well , hope you will enjoy your first day !
I think you should give them some credit . They ' re very talented people and they deserve all the money they earn . They even donate money to charity to help people who are less fortunate than themselves
Anything else , sir ?
Oh , you know something . He is 2 . 26 meters tall . But he is also nimble and skillful .
So the guest is presumed to be thirsty and in need of some drink after the trip . In that case , I guess , in return , the guest doesn't have to drink it if he wouldn't like it .
English . It was both interesting and useful , so I showed a great interest in it .
In a few weeks . Are you planning on watching them ?
I use it almost every day , but I usually only use it to check my email . I don ' t often surf the net . You use the internet a lot , don ' t you ?
OK . Bye !
May I see your ticket , please ?
4 . 5 % , that's good . How much money do I have to keep in it to get that rate ?
Of course . How about this one ?
Ha ha , really ?
But she wants to learn the butterfly stroke
Anytime . Let me know how it works out .
I have no choice .
Perhaps you ' Ve been working too hard . You do have a high-pressure job .
70 yuan .
Sure . Where should I put this cup ?
Right , I see . It all sounds pretty complicated to me . I think I'm going to need some more time to think about this and make a decision as to what I want to do .
Awful . It was a complete waste of time .
Sure . This brand is supposed to be very good , but they're expensive . Those are new products . They come in several colors and sizes . There is also hard , soft , and medium .
Mr . Carmichael , this is Ellen Bower calling again . You had said I should call this week to schedule an interview with you .
Right . What are you doing over there ?
Don ' t mention it .
Anything to get me up and running .
OK , I'm with you so far .
I don't know exactly . I only hear it's financed by a famous film star .
The phone has been ringing off the hook today .
I'm just looking .
Yes , what is up ?
No , it isn't strange at all . Many people from Taiwan move to America too , you know . Do you think it is strange for them ?
No , its very casual there . Leave your jacket and tie at home .
Hi ! Tom . Fancy seeing you here It's a nice party isn't it ?
No way ! My parents used to hang out at those places .
Bob , can I talk to you for a minute ? There have been some developments for the Stewart case that I really need to talk to you about .
Oh , you wrote them all by yourself . That's amazing ! Are you a regular singer here ?
That could be interesting .
Hi , Cindy . I thought I ' d missed you .
Ok . What else ?
We ' re trying to get donations .
Where exactly is the pipe ?
I see . But I'm not a good swimmer . Can you tell me how deep the pool is ?
Thank you , sir . May I have your name and phone number , please ?
Well whatever , I'm glad you came .
Welcome to Adventure Tours . How may I help you ?
Then why isn't there a notice ?
How many did you use to take ?
Is there anything else I will need to provide ?
Excellent . I'll start practicing my dance moves .
Jenny , what's your favorite color ?
You have to pay the electricity bill yourself , but water is paid .
It's instructive and inspiring .
Here comes the birthday cake .
it's good to have business around . But you should also do some exercise to keep fit .
No problem . We have a nice apartment located near the Oriental Square . It's perfect for people busy with office work . It is fully furnished with a service staff taking care of the trivial details .
All my relatives are getting together at my house .
That's fine . Now tell me about the other alternatives .
sure , let ' s just be friends .
That's all right . Well , it's all together $ 260 .
Yes , but not two every night . Anyway , the strain was too much for him . He had nervous breakdown and had to go to hospital .
I am very sorry , but I must go .
You are always so hospitable .
Would you like to join the drama club ?
That's fine . Please send it to my room tomorrow morning .
Hello , yes , can I do Bank-Insurance Link business here ?
Daddy , we can't have a photo of the whole family . We can take one here .
Wow , What a long queue this is !
No problem . By the way , do you have any comment to make on our hotel ?
Well , I think you ' re pretty lucky actually . You ' ll have the opportunity to learn so much about Asian culture .
Come on . They look so cheap . Something else , please .
I am just casting pearls before swine .
If the aid is available , they will give you two or more application forms , One is for admission , the others are for the aid .
( A moment later ) It's cute . The color suits my complexion .
Yes it is very easy to use and each system installation comes with a 3 - day employee training seminar .
Thank you ! You know they have to go to the vet on Saturday ?
Let me feel your forehead . I'm so glad it wasn't strep throat .
What is very difficult to gather team player together .
Well , I've been in business for one month now and I have ten clients .
Yes . I'd like to look at lipstick and eye shadow .
I was born in Xinjiang .
Yes . There is one more thing .
Congratulations ! Mr . Stuart ! You won the city marathon .
I ' m sorry , sir . I ' m going to have to take a look inside your bag .
If your flight is leaving so early , I can take you to the airport and see you off . I'll still be able to make it into the office by 9 .
Let's get it back .
I finished it all .
Thank you . Pls hurry , I am late . Can I get to the Battery Park before 4 ?
Thank you for your compliments .
It depends what it is . Once we have disconnected the unit , we do as many jobs as we can . If there is something that isn't broken but might cause a problem before the next service then of course we repair it or replace that part . But if it's not urgent , we make a note in the service record to carry out that repair next time .
That's fine with me . I am willing to pay for it as long as you can guarantee me the package can arrive in time .
How are you doing , Andrew ?
Our policy doesn ' t allow anyone to check out the magazines .
Uh , I'd like to , but I have to work late .
who are you writing a letter to ?
Around 9 p . m .
Good morning , Oriental Electric Limited .
Where did you spend your holiday ?
What would you do to achieve that ?
Oh , the homework is to explain what economic law is both in broad sense and in narrow sense .
Mr . Thomas is making a long-distance call . Please wait for a few minutes .
Jodi , I must get a hold of Jim today , but I forgot his address and phone number .
Do you know where I get off at ?
Oh , that's too bad . Work harder next term .
Which school are you attending ?
Well , it's the classic love story between two people from conflicting backgrounds . But besides a beautiful story , the cinematography is great . There is some really dramatic footage . It's really quite a visual feast . And the soundtrack is moving .
If you can't give me the full amount , a fraction of it would still help . I'll pay you back on Monday . I promise .
Hi , taxi . Could you take me to the financial street , please
No , the roses are good enough .
What's happening , officer ?
It's a bit small but looks nice .
May I have 5 tokens ? Here is the money .
OK . What does it sell ?
I've been having this problem for the last few days .
I ' m not lying .
Why do you choose our company to apply for a job ?
I will call again in twenty minutes . Thanks .
What kind of magazines would you like , fashion or sports ?
We're not sure because the neighbour gave him to us after they moved away .
I just think you ' re trying to change the subject . But go ahead .
Well , all shoes are 20 percent off .
I can ' t go any higher than $ 850 .
Yes . Are you traveling here ?
Five days ' time will be OK .
Are the expressions of sight draft , time draft , usance draft and letter of credit adequate terms to express the different methods of payment ?
you ' re probably right . What do you think about Yangshao ?
It'll be close , but we'll make it .
Manicole Tan .
Oh , I ' m sorry . It completely slipped my mind .
What am I supposed to do now ?
Just a couple of weeks ago . It's usually very reliable .
Yes , but I'm not feeling very better now . Actually I'm feeling even worse .
One more thing , if you are wanted in this position , you must prepare to travel aboard frequently .
I'll let you know . Did you want to watch some TV ?
Are you going to the movie theater with me tonight ?
One Coca Cola and the other a Sprite , please .
So how did you meet Bill ?
How many more games are there this season ?
But sometimes when a flimsy report , or even a rumor gets on television , there's going to be a terrible ' echo chamber ' effect .
That's cool . Have you already found an apartment to live in ?
Did you hear what's going on downtown today ? All the orders from the factory are staging a demonstration in the streets . Not one of the two thousand employees showed up for work today , and they have gathered outside the city hall to demand better working conditions for all factory employees .
You are very skillful driver .
And I don't see any loose electric wiring that could cause fires .
No , my company makes cameras . Well , I'm also a photographer , but two of these are for our display .
Well , I suppose it could be the gas .
So , what about the chicken ?
No , we ' re going to get that done next week .
Don't worry . There ' re few cars now .
I do ?
Yeah . It won ' t be much , but at least we ' ll have a monthly check when we get old .
Good morning , this is Mary .
You mean it is not created by the burglar ?
I did a B . A . in economics . Remember ?
I guess you can write that I'm looking forward to seeing them in June .
Size 40 .
Claret-red .
I've finished my white clothes . I need to wash the rest .
You are welcome . Hope you can find it soon .
You can throw that away . I don't need it anymore .
What's the matter , are the classes you want full ?
No , certainly not . That's a reasonable restriction .
Is that what you really think ?
I noticed that , it was not exciting as I expected , but the music was great . I'm always found Jazz . And that movie had a lot of Jazz .
Perhaps if you would be kind enough to tell me the problem , sir .
Before the meals or after the meals ?
It looks like some kind of primitive form of torture .
that's perfect . I'll let him know tomorrow . Thanks !
No , not now . I have found a part-time job . So perhaps I can help my family to come over the difficulties .
Come on .
Do you like to dance ?
Yes , may I ask something about the salary and benefits in your company ?
Yes , I was . You work for 3M , right ?
Well , I ' m going on to bed . I ' m beat .
Sir , this is the coffee and bread you want . Can I put it here ?
And I also admire him for his courage in fighting for equal rights .
My understanding is that CIF means the seller is responsible for prepaying shipping costs and arranging for the insurance policy .
Are you interested in mountaineering ?
Well , I would go if you kept your promise of going to the gym with me everyday !
Well , it's getting late . I have to get up early tomorrow . So I must say good night .
It ' s getting worse . Now he ' s eating me out of house and home . I ' Ve tried talking to him but it all goes in one ear and out the other . He makes himself at home , which is fine . But what really gets me is that yesterday he walked into the living room in the raw and I had company over ! That was the last straw .
ok . Thanks for your support .
I really missed you a lot .
Is your city a historical place ?
Where do you spend the weekend ?
I'd like to . How do you like the hat ?
How many years have you held your current position ?
Dress casually .
Oh . I've really forgotten it .
Oh , it's getting late . I've got to run . It was nice talking to you , karren .
Do you like western music ?
I would be happy to . Did you find everything you needed ?
Why do you choose the Law School ?
Certainly . This will take only a few seconds .
So , is L . A . all it's cracked up to be ?
Why are they stricter with Chinese people than with other nationalities ?
In fact , They'll stretch a bit later .
I get along pretty well with most of them . It seems there are always a few rotten apples in the bunch , though , Like Margaret . I don't know why management hasn't fired her yet . She ' s a terrible gossip .
Yes , I have ACRE certificate , rank 2 .
This is the interview class . Welcome to our class .
I'm afraid I know less than you do . Tell me more about her , will you ?
Yes . I ' Ve always likes Indian and thai food , so I ' Ve been trying to make dishes from those countries . I ' m pretty good at making curries now , but I still need practice at making thai food .
Yes it is . Think about it . If nobody paid any attention to anything then what's it all for anyway ?
Yes , I did . I heard that they took both drivers to hospital . One needed surgery .
How's work ?
Please read the instructions on the copier .
Do you mind if I put my jacket there ?
I know what you mean , I've thought about that myself .
Nope . I guess something might have come up .
I have something else to remind you of . Don't be late , if you are late , you will be fined 20 Yuan per minute .
I don't know . I just wasn't thinking .
I'm an open book . Watch me all you want .
Good . Let's call it a deal . And we'll do our best to advance the shipment , but your letter of credit should be opened early September .
It can cost between five hundred and one thousand dollars .
How much loan capital can we safely raise then ?
Yes . I have been a data entry operator for three years .
I had mine when I was 24 . That's a little young . I'd suggest you wait until you are in your late twenties , or even in your early thirties if you have a good career .
I really do like this dining set . But I just don't know . I don't know if I can do a good job with it .
Just an English muffin . What are you going to have ?
Jared , I just heard about your father . How is he doing ?
Absolutely . I myself sometimes believe that healthy eating is just about feeling great . As long as I have enough energy , it's fine .
Yes , sometimes giving up a little to move forward is the best choice .
It was many years ago , when I was a little child . It was the middle of the night , and I went to get a drink of water from the kitchen . I walked out of my room and was at the top of the stairs , when ...
Hello , Michael . My name's Shirley . Pleased to meet you .
Fine . Here you are .
Did you have a certain movie in mind ?
I'll use a credit card , thank you .
What will you do now ? Propose to her .
Let me see them . Yes , they ' re OK .
Yes , it's from Satura Beds of Tokyo .
Yes . I ' d like to book a table for Friday evening please .
We've never sold this much before , our growth this year has been phenomenal . We have captured 8 % of the market , up from last year by 120 % . Our strategy is working !
What about my SIEMENS ?
Sorry , I don't smoke .
You're right ! So I can listen to music while riding my motorbike !
Please be quick .
Another weekend is coming !
No , this is the first time .
It's three different flavors mixed together . Chocolate , strawberry and something green with candied fruit .
Jones can certainly take down letter more quickly , but Mary ' s short hand is the best in her class .
I don't like it . Actually I am looking slacks .
What ' s the reason for that ?
How am I supposed to do that ?
Here . I ' ll just give you a little push ...
I have been working here for 5 years .
Two men pushed into the flat . One of them threatened me with a knife while the other bound and gagged me .
Hey , you ' re early ! Where ' s everyone ?
Will she need anything besides what's in this box ?
Yes sir , one moment please . here is the check .
Hi , Mike , what gives ?
That was earlier this morning .
Don't worry , do it step by step .
You're leaving on Tuesday morning .
Alright . Have a nice trip .
The cereal is over by the breakfast foods .
No , I think I'm going to go to the movies .
Sure . It's an issue asking for everyone's participation .
Yes . Roasted Crispy Chicken and Spicy Beef are our specialties .
The fans are great here , too . Not like in Philadelphia .
Yeah ? How ' s he doing ?
The exact time ? Let me think . You know , it happened at night .
Tomorrow , I ' ll cut the grass . Then the garden will look perfect .
As in many countries , there ' s been a big growth in anything related to computers . Young people are attracted to that field in particular . There ' s also been a big growth in education .
Would you mind working overtime at night ?
What's the tallest building ?
Yes , that sounds right for me .
Well , if you say so . Personally speaking , I'd rather die of thirst than drink champagne .
Thanks so much ! By the way , is the racket really Serena Williams ' ?
That sounds great . So , do you want to have dinner at 6:00 ?
I'll get all of that for you right away . Someone should be up shortly
Let's hope this stroke of good luck lasts . I hope we are over our financial difficulties for good .
What floor is the office on ?
Mr Wang , did you sign any bill in the last two hours in our hotel ?
Not really , but I know it is very popular a traditional Chinese gambling game .
Hope you feel better .
No problem . What do you want me to get ?
It is a color TV . You know , the rich people like the digital one now . So they have no room for them .
I'm not sure I understand .
What about the registration procedure ? Is that complicated ?
I joined the Samsung Health Club last month .
Well , what's the matter with you ?
Because they aren ' t delicate goods and won ' t likely be damaged on the voyage . FPA will be good enough .
What would you like ?
I hope to visit Japan next year .
We need to figure out how much money we've spent and what we've spent it on .
Now I'll quickly send a short message to my wife and take the elevator down to the basement .
What ? You don ' t know the first thing about gardening !
my IQ score is slightly above average .
Exactly what did he do ?
How long is the duration of patent right for an invention according to your Patent Law ?
Well , in the fifties , that clock used to be inside a drive-in burger joint .
the professor is a bit boring today . You need something to perk yourself up . How about a coffee ?
You're going to have coffee , aren't you ?
Good evening , do you have a reservation ?
Okay , if you'll please fill out these forms ... ( She hands the forms to the customer . ) There's a minimum initial deposit of $ 100 for the checking account , and a minimum deposit of $ 500 for the savings account .
I'm fine thanks . I got your report this morning . Thank's for that . Are you joining the conference today ?
Really well , thanks .
Thank you for the information .
Thanks . By the way , tell your wife she throws a great party .
I was in charge of cost price and sales revenue .
I believe so . But if it really bothers you , I'll replace it for you .
Good day , Madam . What service do you require today ?
I like hitchhiking . will you go with me ?
Certainly . Here's a survey report by a well-known lab in London , whose testimony is absolutely reliable .
Forget about the coke . Let's drink some wine , shall we ?
Well , it is about Ms . Connors , the landlord of our rented house .
I prefer travel alone . I'll have a lot of time lingering at one place .
You can apply for one right now , if you ' d like .
What do you base our grades on ?
Bye .
Of course I did !
Yes . of course . I turned it on half an hour ago . I don't think it work at all .
We can do that , but it will cost ... If we have to check our inventory with all our guys on overtime , you're looking at an increased cost of , I'd say , maybe 10 % .
OK , will do !
All right , then . Why don ' t we say next Tuesday at 11:30 a . m . ?
Wow . You must have been pretty far away from the city .
I can't wait anymore . When does the performance start ?
I'll be right back .
go ahead .
Sixty dollars .
I notice there's a jam a few blocks away .
Which sports are popular in your country ?
A little bit expensive , but I will buy one . This is $ 25 , here you are .
Let's just get both . Do you bring enough money ?
So where is this mystery restaurant that we are going to ?
That works for me !
You want to go get a facial with me today ?
I am applying for the waiter in your pub .
Actually , I have to go to school right now .
OK , OK , this is good . Keep talking . What about cappuccino and all those other drinks ?
Yes . You should rent a brown suit and a black shirt .
Sure . You can go to the front desk to ask for more help .
Pardon ? The line is bad . Don ' t hang up please . I ' ll have the call transferred to another line .
Please told Tim to close the door to the basement . I don ' t want dog down there tonight .
Sounds great
Of course sir , no problem .
Okay , let me know when you're ready to order your food .
Sounds good ! I have always heard that Indian spices give a rich flavor to food .
How's that ?
Yeah , traffic was brought to a standstill by the accident . If we had gone early we would miss the traffic .
Oh , I'm sorry to hear that , sir . What exactly is problem ?
Oh I see . So that ' s why you didn ' t come in ?
Pure gold ones , please .
Did you like the play ?
Yes , I ' m afraid I am . My husband is a smoker too .
Can I pay by credit card ?
Oh , I almost forgot . It's my mum's birthday Saturday . I need to get her some more Chanel . Could you get me the 1 . 7 ounce bottle of Chanel cologne ?
It's my pleasure .
Me too . I am looking forward to cooperating with you again .
Here you go , honey , fried eggs .
Of course ! Everyday , there is a deadline to meet . Bosses watching and testing me all the time , not liking in college , handed in paper months later and tested on schedule . It is so busy . But anyway , I have trying my best to be a good employee .
And you don't feel any pain anywhere else ? In you legs , for example ?
ok . I feel like sitting down and having a chat . How have you been recently ?
When is the next train to Shanghai ?
On the contrary , very exciting .
What characteristics should an interpreter own ?
I ' m going to work .
My father ' s angry face always makes my blood run cold .
Then the axiom - ' You can't teach an old dog new tricks ' doesn't work any longer .
I am really sorry too , maybe I can give you a call sometime .
I ' Ve prepared most of it already and we ' Ve got plenty of snack foods-you know , crisps , biscuits , and things . Are you going to make the punch ?
Me too . I can't wait until winter .
Steve . Is that you ?
Mr . Martin , we're on arrival .
how was your day ?
Excuse me , waiter . I have just dropped the spoon onto the ground . Would you please bring me another one ?
I know . Maybe we can finish it tomorrow .
thanks , that was nice of you .
I am going on a business trip to Guangzhou next Monday morning .
What ? You call that a stir fry ? More meat than vegetables ? That ' s the worst insult you could throw at a Chinese stir fry . What a disgrace to the wok she fried it in ! What you had is equivalent to a fajita without the wrap !
Hello ?
Why do they serve up the noodles first ? I don't like it . Where is the cake ?
In just one document ? That will definitely be a time saver .
Oh , really ? But you're doing the waltz wonderfully well .
Sure . I'm learning Chinese through songs .
Are there any potatoes ?
I help out at the children's hospital . I help plan activities .
I'm really glad that you came to see me .
Of course . It's just at 19 Lingual Road . You can phone me again if you cann't find the right place .
Let's meet half way , 20 yuan , OK ?
There are many services you can choose from . Why don't you take a look at this leaflet while I find someone who can help you ?
Are you studying here ?
Were there any injuries ?
Yes , I intend to go to university . That ' ll be in September . But it all depends on my A level results .
it can't be that bad .
Right , I figure since you are doing premedical , you know about the very courses .
Excuse me , do the buses stop here ?
Here ' s 30 yuan .
Well , when you hear it change , that means you have an outside line . Where are you trying to call ?
We need to call an emergency meeting as soon as possible about this .
What happened ? You look so pale .
That would be a lot of help .
That Italian restaurant in the city centre always has large portions . Do you want to go there ?
Did you get a chance to speak with the sellers about my counter-offer ?
Fine . Here is your room key , here is also a map of our hotel . The swimming pool , gym and sauna are all located on first floor .
Oh , you can't think like that . We young people should try our best to learn new things and accept new ideas . You like taking photos and going to photography shows , why not practise the technique and catch something unforgeable ?
I am in Room 205 . My name is Bill Smith . When shall I check out ?
Thank you . Do you need something else ?
Don't worry about it . Just leave it to the insurance companies .
I have to support my parents who are advanced in age , so I'd like to commence at HAD 2,500 a month .
Excuse me , I'm afraid you've parked in the wrong spot .
But if you go to university , you'll still have time for fun .
Hi B . How are you ?
I am going to go home after the holidays and we're going to have a Christmas kind of in January or February . Yeah , depending on when my brother can come in .
Hi Henry . How are you ? Is everything Okay in your apartment ?
Nice . Hey , I like the layout of this page ...
Give me your hand . ( takes Rose's hand ) Close your eyes . Go on . ( Rose closes her eyes ) Step up . Now hold on to the rail . Keep your eyes closed ; don't peek .
OK , I will . Thank you .
Almost . Let me get my bag .
What do they need all that money for ?
We ' re getting donations for the campaigns .
It's my pleasure . We have single rooms , double rooms , suites and luxury suites , ect . Well , here is an introduction to our hotel .
Of course ! I really love watching football games on TV .
No , I wouldn't be caught dead in a limo .
Well . Miss Sun , as you know , we are looking for an executive secretary with good English skills and some business background . We looked over your resume and thought you might be a good candidate .
Yes , I am young , and unmarried . It's no problem for me to travel frequently .
But one must have some basic ideas about nutrition and find the best way for it to work out for the body .
Yes , we'll start with appetizers , follow with a soup and salad course , then main dishes of prime rib or cordon bleu chicken , and finish up with a delicious rich dessert of some sort .
Is there any other place you would like me to go to for you ?
Could I ask you for a favor ? My laser printer is out of ink and I need to print out something urgent . If you don ' t mind , I would like to send you these files . Could you then print these for me ?
Can you help me , please ?
I would like the two clothes washed .
I'm okay with walking .
Certainly , madam . What kind of coffee do you want to have ?
Chocolates .
No , but we still stay in touch .
Is the seed edible ?
You mean there is really not that much of a difference .
Sure . I'm J McQuillin and my number is 323-555-6840 , extension 42 .
Where does a broadcast company get most of their information ? I hope it's not just from press releases .
It's $ 25 .
Umm hmm . Do you have a diver's license ?
Yes , but we charge 50 % more and it only takes 3 hours .
I certainly did . Do you want to come in and give me some feedback about your weekend ?
Oh , it's ten o'clock . I'd better go now .
I didn ' t pay attention to that . I will try to get the paper out .
Sir , according to your file , you spent Monday evening watching ' Titanic . '
Then what is the problem , sir ?
I heard about that . It was successful .
It says ' Wet paint ! '
Yes , she is . And guess what , he is her sixth husband .
By airmail please .
No . It doesn ' t . There ' s no through bus to the national history museum Madam ..
Go ahead , please .
He ' s a postman .
What are you talking about ?
I would like to book a table for seven thirty o'clock , please .
Let ' s go for a joy ride .
Excuse me . sir . Can I have look at the timetable please ?
What appliances ?
I've already got it . Thanks .
I wasn't aware that I had to go to court .
Okay , Susan . It says here that you are a business major and you are in your second year . Is this information correct ?
He ' s huge ! He must go to the gym to have a well-built body like that .
Ow !
I've been informed that there are many opportunities to develop myself in your company . Besides , I grew up in a city in the Northeast . I have lots of acquaintances in the region , which might help to push sales .
Today's interview is for us to get to know a little about you . If needed , there will be a more lengthy interview later . So , if you ' re comfortable , let's begin .
No , I usually have to stand .
150 a month .
May I have two tickets for Tiny Times ?
Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law .
Today .
Thanks , it hasn ' t been easy , but luckily we have life insurance and Wendy left behind a detailed will that will sort out any other legal matters .
I played the video game at Mike's home yesterday .
Your dream will come true . It's really breathtaking
PCs often crash from virus , but it's nearly impossible to get a virus from a Mac .
Why not ? When I go shoe shopping , I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices .
What can you expect with this crowd ? I am praying that no one will cut in the line .
Does it enjoy popularity among the young generation ?
Isn't it a Sunday ?
Our company now has n ombudsman ?
I'm with you , Jane .
I called you yesterday . Did you get my message ?
I cut it on that blade .
Ow ! Don ' t shout so loud . Calm down . Please stop shouting and sit quietly down .
My name is David White .
It's already reduced 20 % .
I couldn't agree more . Actually , I'm a Beijing Opera fan .
my dream home is actually just a small cottage in a quite village in England .
This is the right place . Please join us .
If that happens , maybe you could marry my brother and we could become in-laws !
Fine , what do you call this ?
It's so nice of you .
You don't have to . This is your knob menu . Just tick off the items you want for breakfast . write down the time and hang it outside the door before you go to bed tonight .
Hey , Joe ! Where have you been these past few days ?
It seems too short .
Thanks . Could you take one more from this angle ?
That's strange .
Well , it is and it's not . The city of L . A . is much bigger and more diverse than I had expected . There are people here from all over the country and all over world , like New York . I've heard people say that in L . A . , everyone is from somewhere else . Tha's partly true . So , I've met all kinds of people here . What I'm realizing is that the picture of L . A . that's in movies only represents a small segment of the city .
Size 36 . . . I think .
Are you kidding ? It's too early for her .
Do you like your margarita with salt or no salt ?
Please put one under your tongue , do not swallow it .
At seven , please .
How much is it ?
Yes , we've already prepared one . I've brought it with me . I'll put it forward when we talk with the manufacturers tomorrow .
I will get it soon .
Yes . I have written for several top newspapers in the country . I ' m also in the process of writing my first novel .
Yeah , it's lovely , but to be frank , it's not the most practical . You don't have many formal events in your calendar , do you ?
It's about a ten-minute walk .
My mom is three years older than my dad , and they are like night and day . My mom is 5 footsweet and very nice , and very caring , and very cute , everybody tells her how young she looks , and how she resembles my sister , perhaps . My father is very much completely opposite that . He is a very bi 4 , on a good day , 5 foot 2 , I think in real life , and she is very nice .
Today ?
I put in two quarters for a coke , but nothing came out of the machine .
Check out , sir ?
You should save in case of an emergency , you need to have more self-control , what things did you spend money on ?
I really just have two problems with this .
If you buy 1,000 or more , you'll get a 10 % discount .
Did you remember to lock your door before you left then ?
Hi David , this is Marge . Can you meet me after work for a few minutes ?
In that case , just tell me your phone number .
Where's my pencil ?
How are you doing ?
Really ? Where ?
Good-bye !
Good harbors ! Yokohama is one of the most famous port cities in the world , and Japan is the largest shipbuilding nation in the world . Also , there are long mountain ranges in the southern is hands . France isn't very mountainous , is it ?
He is afraid of his father-in-law .
Yes , it deserves its name .
And I had a dessert - that's another  3 . 50 . And you had coffee which is  2 .
Yeah , you . I just saw you throw a piece of garbage on the ground . Can't you read the No Littering sign ? It's a $ 500 penalty for littering , so go pick it up and put it in the garbage can over there .
It's worth the time .
My first job was in a well-established company where the division of labour was very clear . I do not have more chances to enrich my experience . Then I got an opportunity to really broaden my experience with a new company that was starting up , but unfortunately , they closed their service in three months ' time . I have worked in my present company for a considerable length of time and enjoy the job I am doing now , but I think I have accumulated enough experience to take up more challenging post in a much larger and diversified company where I could make solid contribution .
I am sorry , Bob . If you had told me you were coming up , I would have kept tonight free . But you didn ' t tell me .
All I can tell you is our next President got my vote .
Did he actually say that ?
Oh ! I just want to drop in on him for a chat .
We'd better see if he is ok .
Keep in touch .
I've created a monster ... you're a better bayer than me !
Is there a package with basic and movie channels ?
Tell us about some cold cities .
How old is he now ?
Your luggage is over 8 kilograms .
How much money would you like to withdraw ?
Wow , this thing can haul .
Ok , I will take two bottles .
I see . Will you walk this way , please ? What experience have you had ?
Then what ?
Well , winter is a season for relaxation , do you agree with me ?
Thank you . Goodbye .
I see . I'd better never try .
How long have you been feeling like this ?
May I have a look at your room card , Mr . Black ?
No , I don't like the brown one .
You mean the line over there of about 200 people ? !
Well , we won't be able to guarantee you a room for February 22 , but we can book you on February 23 . Is that OK ?
Well , it's not the supermarket you want .
If Barcelona had played as they normally do , they should have won .
I'm afraid not , but can you make it Thursday afternoon ?
There's nothing that can be done . Everything is gone . I wish I could tell you differently , but what has happened has happened . We will just have to figure out a way to move on .
No , sir , I am serious . Haven't you heard that today men are becoming increasingly interested in having their eyebrows professionally groomed ?
Yesterday ! But no , we are hoping to start from the beginning of next month .
So , Fred , what are your plans for after graduation ?
Hello , Bobby , It seems that I can't arrive at your home by 12 o'clock .
Yes , you can have a Money Link card . You can also base the account on time deposits . The choice is yours .
I said I had been to the doctor the day before .
Can I have a look at your ticket ?
Here comes the bus . I'll ring you up later .
Salesman ?
Thank you for meeting me here .
Do you know which direction it should be heading ?
I ' d like to wish you every success in your new venture .
that's amazing . I will install an online messenger program when I get home .
Yes , I have it right here . I'm so sorry about this .
So you may like inventive jobs .
Well , thanks for asking for my permission ... Now hand it over and let me record !
Learning any language takes a lot of effort . But don't give up . Why don't we practise those dialogues together ?
For the substantial regular customers , we offer 5 % commissions .
Sure , what's up ?
Right now fight BW159 is the only one available , it is a non-direct one .
Does that mean studying all the time ?
Isn ' t it on the bookshelf ?
8 it is . See you then .
I need help . I think my arm is broken .
I'm Robert , at your service .
That ' s true . But Americans work hard for their money like we do . I don ' t know why our spending habits are so different .
I know , but I want to make reservations this week .
Really ? How did it go ?
We can work something out .
Hello . Smith ' s Resident .
Good . Can you please also list all the documents in those old files ?
Hi . Ed , what's up ?
It said that people with a positive attitude tend to live longer and happier .
no , we're not . We've been drifting apart for a while .
Oh I see . So what did you do then ?
Here , sir . Sit down in this wheel chair .
Would you , please ? Thank you .
we'll have beer and snacks , but if you want to bring a bottle of wine , that'd be great .
We also have to vacuum the house .
They describe how each process goes on to the next .
Will you bring our bill , please ?
Business couldn't be better .
I think my fiancee may favor the sweater in the shop window . Would you like to help me look for any skirts that go with this sweater ?
No way ! They want publicity for themselves , so that they get invited to make more films , go to lots of cocktail parties , and even make albums ! They have such an easy life . They don ' t even pay for Drin
We usually set up a direct debit system taking installments directly from your bank account on a monthly basis . And since you are already a valued customer , there should be no trouble in processing you application for this loan .
OK . Do you think we can go buy a newspaper first ?
Jack ! Do you want to see a picture of my new puppy ?
I've finished the first draft , but the professor said it's poorly written . I have to rewrite it . it's so depressing .
All in all , it will never lose its appeal .
Yes it is down there , at the end of the road , next to the supermarket .
Oh , no ! What about your presentation today ?
Put all baggage on the conveyor belt . Walk through the detector gate one at a time , please .
Ah , well , we have no choice .
Man , what a freeloader . You better do something quick or he ' ll never hit the road . After all , he ' s got it made in the shade here .
Don't worry . I think in most cases , children are the glue that keeps a family together .
Thanks for your help .
Yes , I'm sure you do . It sounds like an excellent service .
No , thanks . I'm good .
I see . May I have your name and room number , please ?
Whom would you like to talk to ?
A highchair and car seat ! Wow Betty , thank you so much ! I really appreciate it !
Yes , that ' s right . But I had no idea I would be charged for all this . Thank goodness my company will let me reimburse all this .
That's terrific . Thank you .
Joe ? I don't know what you mean .
Well , if it's not broken , then you need to learn how to vacuum better , because it doesn't look like you've vacuumed for ages !
Yes , I do . I find it very relaxing . I often listen to Mozart or Bach in the evening after a hard day at work .
What ? You ' re tired ? But we just started about twenty minutes ago .
We went out to the stadium . Bob hadn ' t been to a game for a few weeks .
The price factor can be a useful instrument for exporters when trying to place their products in industrialized countries . Of course , marketing goods abroad is not only a question of price . There are also other important factors such as design , quality of goods , terms of sale , transport and insurance .
Are you an American ?
Just a minute . Here's your change .
Well , between $ 350-400 a month .
Ok , great , should I bring anything ?
Oh !
I think the plans look good . There's just one thing though , I'm a bit concerned about the main lorry entrance . What's the height clearance ?
A man stepped on my feet when I was waiting for the taxi .
That's pretty much the same as I've been quoted at other banks .
That must be a very interesting job .
You can check out two books at a time .
Oh dear . Well , get well soon and try to be more careful in future .
You lose face by refusing to drink , and the host might think you refuse to give him face . The right thing to do seems to be drinking yourself into incoherence until you throw up . This will endear you to your friends .
I think it ' s a good idea to pamper yourself occasionally . Don ' t you agree ?
All right , we accept the challenge . What about the commission ? You know , we usually get a 20 % commission of the amount on every deal .
I ' m not sure I like the idea of that . I don ' t want people copying me or other people . It could be very confusing .
Yes , I've paid all of them off .
Of course . I will try to buy some things at the Asian grocery down the block too . Then I can do a little cooking in my apartment .
Do you have anything made in the 1920s ?
Absolutely . Who were you playing with ?
How about the interest ? I'm not really happy with the interest I'm receiving through my Current Account .
No , I was thinking of putting a frozen pizza in the oven or something . How about you ?
Shall I just trim it ?
May I take your order now , sir ?
I was in my friend's room , talking for an hour or so .
In winter temperature often falls to zero at night temperature can be below that . The streets are often icing in the morning . With high such temperatures you must get some thunderstorms .
Let ' s see ... These numbers are off the charts ! What's going on here !
As a matter of fact , I am .
Yeah . And I never want to go again .
fine , thanks . How are you ?
You are so careless . You know they are the basic rules you should follow before you attend an interview . Do remember not to smoke any more , otherwise , you can ' t find a job .
That's $ 38 , sir .
They have the freshest foods there .
That's sheer robbery !
Do you take vitamin pills regularly ?
I know what you mean , but I'd better remind them again , and also remind them to repair the button in the elevator for the disabled people . That has brought the disabled people lots of inconvenience .
That ' s horrible .
For three bottles of Tsingtao beer .
I don't blame her . I really enjoyed it there when we went a few years ago . I'd like to go back sometime soon .
Here you go -- Digital Barbie .
It is said that the presents they got value less than 200 yuan , and it is no use for them at all , because they don't cook by themselves .
Yes . Let ' s sleep on the sand . That ' s most exciting !
I can bet the farm that you will regret about your decision . You cannot find a better one .
Can I help you , sir ?
We have a really interesting project coming up . Would you want to join us on it ?
How could the news get any worse ?
Never mind , dear .
We've had a few problems . One of the bolts has worked loose and a blade has snapped off .
You mean half-and-half ?
Well , my particular interest is collecting stamps , especially the rare ones . What about you ?
It should be 3
Do you want me to fill it out now ?
Wow ! I didn't notice the time . It ' s almost noon . I have to get home .
It ' s going to be $ 25 .
When I was in LA , I met the WebTracker sales rep .
Yes , speaking . Can I help you ?
Yes , I have read . In the contract , I am expected to be available up to two hours past normal working hours . Is that right ?
This is going to be my first time voting .
Vince . We're both busy , so I'm not going to beat around the bush . I need a raise .
Throughout the interview you should maintain patience .
I was thinking about seeing a movie .
512 .
I wonder how old these things are . Thousands of years ?
No , We didn't go there . I'd like to go there next time .
Oh , I almost forgot . Thank you for calling to remind me . Actually . I do need to change the time of my appointment . I have a scheduling conflict . And I can't make it that early .
Don ' t sweat it . We will land safely .
I trust you . We'll be happy .
Yes , I got it . Come on , Benjamin , don't let him get into the paint .
I'd prefer swordfish steak .
What's your favorite book ?
What a nice day ! Why don't we go for an outing ?
Right now I ' m basically just a secretary , but if I ' m given the chance , I want to become a travel agent there .
How was your game today ?
That's fine , because if I leave , then your rules won't matter .
Not much . Joann . Do you want to hang out ?
Well , what do you want to see ? I don't think there are many good movies out right now .
I've been overseas , So have you been busy lately ?
How about this one ? It ' s the latest design , simple but elegant .
Sure , let ' s take a look . Sweetie , this is terrific . Your ideas are so original .
Well , I have to hide in the air-conditioned rooms . Anyway , it is all worth , just think about the cool evening time .
Come over and chew the fat . We can enjoy to our hearts'content .
That's true . The bus is even worse . Just thinking about taking the bus every day makes me tired ! Hey , how do you get to work every day ?
That ' s my problem . I don ' t have a lot of options .
In cash .
All I had was a sandwich , chips , and soda .
Health insurance company and policy number ?
That's 1,825 dollars .
Yes , but the results are not so satisfying .
Double P for Papa ?
Oh , I ' m sorry . I forgot about those completely . I ' ll bring them by your office .
Really ? Did Coke pay him for that ?
I'd like to see a tea set , please ?
You'll soon get accustomed to it . It ' s not difficult . Well , here's the bus . Fortunately , it's not full .
Do you now the temperature today ?
Yes , he is familiar with the plan .
Charge it to whatever account you like .
Mr . Smith , I'm wondering whether you have found a way of considering my offer ?
I really like what you have . But the price for this product is much higher than we expected . I am absolutely not a buyer at that price .
Where's Tom this evening ?
I don't think so . That way it would lose all the charm . I want it to be a surprise . I want to show her that I care about her and I hope our friendship will last .
Thank you . Anything else ?
Thanks , I ' ll ask him .
Oh , are you an English student ? Or you just study English for interest's sake ?
We need to find an interior decorating company to redecorate the kitchen . I believe in Portland there are shops that specialize in kitchen renovation . I will look in the Yellow Pages . I'd like a kitchen mostly in ivory and light green .
I'm afraid it gains a little .
No , I wasn't . It's kind of hard to watch the road when Joseph is behind the wheel .
What's wrong with it ?
I'm sorry . It ' s out of season now .
You've come to the right place . We've got various styles and sizes recently . How much do you measure around your waist ?
What salary are you expecting ?
I ' ll take it . I also need to improve the lighting in my living room . Do you have any suggestions ?
What do you eat ?
Then it wasn't meant to be . Some people have put up a hard fight for some items I bid on . But I was the sole bidder for this bag and got it dirt-cheap .
Happy New Year , Jim !
Your doctor has requested a urine sample .
Maybe when they become teenagers , they want to be completely different to their parents .
I see . You mean you don't enjoy smoking any more ?
I'm not sure , but probably about 75 years . How about in your country ?
Are you a transfer passenger , sir ?
Have you ever been to Xi ' an ?
What kind ?
Oh , thank you . I want one .
It's 500 dollars .
I ' d rather you didn ' t come immediately as I said I ' m very busy at the moment . Come after lunch , Mark .
a crate of beer ? Why do we need that ?
We boarded the plane on time , but then we were held up for almost an hour due to a maintenance problem .
What a pity ! How about tomorrow evening ?
Yes , we do . How can I help ? I can give you a simple introduction , if you'd like ?
I'll take it . Please set the watch for me .
Let's click to check it out .
What's the brand ?
My internet is having problems connecting .
Yes , he is . He ' s very hardworking when he ' s at school . Then he comes home from school and does homework before dinner . After dinner , he goes out with his friends .
Sure . I love this place , especially the decoration . So tasteful !
Hi ! Dick . Where are you going ? You're in such a hurry .
Then I ' ll just use my credit card .
A match made in heaven .
Sure . Please wait for a moment .
How did you get involved in something like that ?
but you said your dream was to be an entrepreneur , to be your own boss .
Young man , tell me everything you ate yesterday evening .
It's wise to do it . The Americans have the habit of selling their junk when they are moving to another place , so they usually display all the things they want to sell in their gardens at the weekend . And many things they are selling still look quite new and they are also very useful .
Is there anything I can do to help you ?
I got it .
Yeah , but I don't see any tigers or leopards roaming around our office . My stress is just about silly paperwork !
We're going to put in some new furniture .
Your address , please .
I see . I think I ' d agree with that statement . People often seem to make the same mistakes over and over again .
Send me up three bottles each of Perrier and Jim Beam .
All right . Leave these ads with me . I ' ll speak to him this morning .
Hi , Mikel . What's with you ? You look angry .
3 weeks
Yes . And another thing , would you mind not making long distance calls ?
Yeah , yeah , yeah . many times . Many times . When I was younger , you used to get double-decker all over England but now you only tend to see them in the big cities .
My vegetables are very soggy .
No , I will call the attendants at the gate . I'll tell them you are on your way .
See you then !
That's it !
All right . Got it .
Tell me all about it .
For how many guests , please ?
Easy . Dial the area code for Connecticut ; then dial your friend's number .
Can you recommend me one ?
Come to think of it , you may be on to something . Let ' s go have a look .
I can't agree more . I think we'd better hire a guide so that we can learn more .
Well , Brad from school asked me out just today .
I think I'm going to China this vacation . How about you ?
What are you talking about ? Let me see that ... What are horoscopes ?
Yes , we're making plans for a tour .
200 Yuan a week , but smoking is not allowed .
We have a great variety of magazines all about cooking ! This one for example , is a bi monthly publication with recipes from all over the world !
Sure , may I have your name and account number please ?
Really . What do they mean ?
oh well . You never really liked your boss anyway , did you ?
It doesn't matter because we will still have to call the electrician out , and they are union labor . It'll cost you a pretty penny ...
Steve Schliessman . S C H L I E S S M A N .
Jump in , I'll give you a ride .
No , dim sum is usually eaten around lunch time , or sometimes closer to breakfast . We ' ll try more Taiwanese style up at the " new " Chinatown .
I didn't realize you felt so strongly about it .
Did he tell you what she was like first ?
When will the plane reach for the morning flight ?
I understand . I was in your position before . At that time I couldn ' t depend on anyone taking care of the children for me . My husband seldom stayed at home .
Is everything in the fridge leftovers ? I hate leftovers !
I'm watching TV .
Do you have a copy of the ID card of the person who took care of the legal aspects of this ? The Legal Rep , I mean ? We also need the Loan Certificate as well . Do you have that ?
What time is the right moment ?
Cute , like you .
I like it very much , but it's a little confusing to me .
Hey , Tom . You look tired . Are you all right ?
Okay , anything else I can get you ?
I'd like to speak your export manager , please .
A Chinese girl has broken the world record in the Olympic Games .
I'm really happy that you came to visit me .
Well , I'll try . Then what would you like to drink ? It's on me .
She is a beautiful bride .
Somebody broke into my house in the morning .
Ok , I'll show you how the packing is like . We have a showroom on the ground floor . Let's go downstairs and have a look .
Mandarin is the language I spoke since I was a child . So I can speak it very fluently .
Are you kidding ? I always get up late . Oh , my God . Can't believe that . That is terrible .
Oh , Jane . What on earth have you been ? I've called you a thousand times .
No problem . Is there anything else I can get for you ?
Yes , you can see every test for the past five years . You can compare them .
No , that's OK . I've got all of your information here on the screen in front of me . The money will be ready and waiting for you tomorrow .
I would like to check in . Here are my ticket and baggage .
In what section did you work in the hospital ?
How many credits for each course ?
What is your present address ?
Yep ! I heard that your company is registering a new trademark .
I got a parking ticket the other day .
Hi charles , I want you know that I finally found an apartment in Haitian .
Nothing . He's just got a chip on the shoulder .
Yes , I think so . If you want to graduated this year , you've got to take a science course .
Why is that ?
Yeah , but he refused to take the medicine .
No , I don ' t mind at all . I receive 3,000 RIB a month , after tax .
Oh , you've already grown up , son .
Don't worry . All things are difficult before they are easy .
Let me have it , please . I'm taking some laundry downstairs anyway .
Would you like a lift home ?
I don't think so . I'm just shaken up a little .
Good . Here is the receipt . The dispensary is over there ... By the way , will this be covered by your insurance from work ?
What is the tariff ?
Well , if you live in other as long enough you love them just as much .
Those poor Egyptians slaves worked so hard and you want to give aliens all the credit !
Actually they ' re expecting the baby to come on my birthday .
It makes sense .
Really ? I had no idea . Let me check . Yes , it's dead . There's no dial tone .
I hope that we can continue our cooperation .
Is it a newcomer ?
Yes , thanks . Did you ?
Just think , in a few days , I'll be swimming and lying in the sun and just taking it easy .
Sometimes the inner beauty is more beautiful .
I told you to wear running shoes . But you don't listen .
Thanks . Who do I call for trash collection ?
What a boring film !
It ' s two yuan .
So we'll compromise . We'll hit the Huangshan in Anti .
Oh , Ben has been cooking for us since I started attending this evening class . The good thing is , he has made great progress in cooking .
Yes , if the card is well kept and has no dirt and scratches .
It's a lot of money . But the picture is excellent , I'll take it .
The couple with the dogs-think back .
that's right ! I almost forgot about that .
Is there anything as good as a hot fudge sundae ?
Well have a good time . Get me some autographs if you can .
I had to go get a cavity filled today .
Yes . How about you ?
That's a good idea . You are really creative .
You're right . And I also meet many new friends while collecting stamps .
About 12 o'clock , when I came home from work .
Yes , this is the right bus .
Not really . There are many successful mixed marriage around us .
$ 3 075 . Our paychecks is $ 3 300 , combined . That means we don't have any receipts for $ 225 .
Are you sure we got on the right bus ?
The government is making efforts to change situation .
See you .
... OK . And here's your money .
And you often go back to live with your parents and leave our son in the room by himself .
Do you have any other positions available ?
You ' re welcome . For the moment , I have no further questions . I got a good picture of the job and the company . All my questions have been answered . Thank you for your time .
No , ties . And there's a tie store . Let's go !
I ' m afraid not . I apologize .
So I think I may fall in love with her .
En ... and can you speak any foreign languages ?
You got a big return for a small gift .
May I know the definite date of delivery ?
Do you think I should turn down his offer ?
Well , it's basically two tanks -- one for the dirty solvent and one for the clean solvent , a pump and a washing unit . Oh , and there ' s a cooling system and a filter . It's all controlled by a PLC system -- that stands for Process Logic Control .
Excuse me , Mr . Rodriguez ? Could I speak with you for a moment ?
Isn't this lovely weather ? Will you help me water the flowers , Jack ?
Absolutely . Believe it or not , I found my cat by a garbage can around my neighborhood two years ago .
Perfect . Are you prepared to give me all your money ?
Milk , please .
Perhaps , but I haven ' t felt well for a few days now .
Sure , madam . But may l know how old he is ?
Not bad . I ' m confident . And I like challenges .
They are announcing your flight . You'd better board the plane .
Yes , I think so . I have just checked out . But I left my book in the room . Can I get it back ?
Good luck . I hope you each some fish .
Well , first you have to turn this switch on .
Yes . I ' ll take four shoulder chops and I ' d like a small chicken .
afraid of making a mistake .
I fully understand your position . An irrevocable letter of credit ensures that the seller gets paid in time . But , on the other hand it would add to the buying costs . We've been , after all , trading partners for 3 years and you know us well . Can't you give us D / A or D / P ?
Really ? What is there to do after we graduate ?
But they don't let you have goods on approval .
Yeah , we don ' t live in the vacuum . We have traditional values and long but different history .
I can understand , but our company is fully committed at the moment , and hundreds of clients are placing orders for delivery these days .
I am so happy for them .
I want to open a current account .
You see ! Everything happens for a reason ! We wouldn ' t even have met if I hadn ' t been in that car accident ten years ago !
Yep . I just can't decide what two cities to choose ...
I greatly appreciate this .
I heard that EDD has special services to help me get a job .
Look at these newlyweds . They seem as if they are on top of the world .
Sir , your hair is done . Anything else I can do for you ?
Yes , we did . Fortunately we put his Teddy Bear in the bag , and finally he fell asleep at mid-night with it in his arms .
how about this blue sweater ?
Under which category do you intend to apply ?
Oh , yes , that is a beautiful color . It has been very popular blush this season . I have two left .
Yes , I need a wake-up call tomorrow at seven thirty .
Hello , Jim . Where are you going ?
OK , the postage is 275 yuan .
One moment , please ... Yes . There's a flight at 16:45 and one at 18:00 .
Just take it to a booth and begin voting .
Um ... yes . Here is a notice from our financial department , seems your child's Tumion is overdue .
Of course . I almost missed my own wedding .
Swim stations ? Whoever heard of such a thing ?
I'll do that . Thank you . Have a safe trip home .
Oh , I know . Does it mean that shipment will have to be delayed if I insist on using wooden cases ?
You sure have a lot of discs here .
Come on , 18 points already , they are never gonna catch up .
How do I get to the Olympic Stadium , please ?
Yes . Right now I have a studio .
Thanks . Miss Zhang .
No , it ' s a dark brown suit .
What kind of magazine is it ?
It ' s the job I ' m interested in . And your company is the best-known . Although I don ' t have much experience as a manager , the job description you sent to me was very interesting . It ' s a job I ' Ve been dreaming of and I feel suited to fill it .
Well , we can't break tradition ! It's bad luck !
Is it possible for me to view the apartment today ?
Yes . Is that necessary ?
Yes , it did . The names of those village survive as the names of parts of the city .
Yes , of course . I can't wait to be there .
Never mind . There's an authentic tasting hotpot restaurant not far from the China World Trade Towers on Chang An Street . Have you been there ?
How much will that cost ?
What you said was right , but we need to work as a team , how could you make adjustment to that ?
the pedal on your left is the brake and the one on your right is the gas .
Sure , what would you like ?
Does Jim make a lot of money ?
May I ask for a wake-up call tomorrow morning ?
Hello , Mr . Smith , I am returning to Shanghai by the 10:00 plane . I am calling to thank you for all your help during my stay here .
Yes . There ' s one on the other side of the building .
How long has it been ?
Of course . Mary is our most experienced member .
I usually go to the supermarket , near the station .
You must tell the embassy about it . And I think they ' ll issue you with a new one .
Not at the moment , thank you .
What examinations ?
You haven't told me anything yet .
Yes . That's perfect . I'll take it .
I'm glad our booth is on the first floor . More people can see our display .
How about tax and service charge ?
Good morning , Miss Bell !
Ok , I see . Thank you !
How did you first meet Jack each other ?
We gather together to encourage each other , because we have common beliefs . We come together and call it church .
Sure . Step in .
It seems that English already is the main global language . Does the article suggest that there should be an artificial language like Esperanto as the world language .
This is Lucy White . Thank you . Bye .
Oh , I see . We'll have to make up with the center one .
Suppose you have to do one of the two , which do you prefer ?
May I speak to Mrs . Liu , please ?
I don't usually complain , but I think that we should mention this to the waiter .
I see . You must have more rest .
Yes , I do . Here it is , and the cash .
Can you help me ? The program is not responding and I don't know what to do .
This is 911 .
I'd like a permanent wave . By the way , do you have any picture of the latest hairstyle ? I ' Ve been in this style for so long that I want a change this time .
Lots of reasons I guess , unemployment is pretty high these days .
Well , I want to be transferred to the Shanghai office .
Yes , this is the tenant of apartment ten . I guess my kitchen sink is clogging up again , and so is the bathtub .
Wow ! I'm impressed !
Is there anything you can do for me ? If I don ' t make it to shanghai in time , my wife is going go kill me .
It ' s a great car . It ' s very comfortable and it goes really fast .
Is that so ? So far we haven't had any complaint of this kind . Our mushrooms have enjoyed a good reputation for their superior quality for years . We are really at a loss to understand why your lot was found moldy and wormeaten . Have you any evidence ?
I am going to go to the bookstore .
Yes , that looks great ! Is it on our Open House list ?
Yes . We keep finding problems when testing the sound boards .
Well , I ' m afraid it isn ' t . It ' s a bit too well done and rather tough . Would you mind changing ?
what's the difference ?
I know , sweetie . Just open wide . Don't talk .
Isn ' t this great ? I always wanted to own a farm , live out in the country , grow my own food !
I don ' t think she will do such a thing .
What did I just say ?
No , I am not ill .
I'm looking for a pair of shoes .
Hello , Ann ! Is that you ?
Dan More's Office , how may I help you ?
That's not very fair . What did you do ?
My favorite recreation is cooking . I learned to cook Chinese dishes and western style dishes as well . It keeps me busy and makes me happy .
I know sir ! We didn ' t expect a bull market to become a bear market all of a sudden . On the other hand , you still have some high yield trash bonds and government bonds that will give us enough liquidity to cut our loses and reinvest in emerging markets . We could potentially make this tragedy work for us and make us think outside the box .
If you consider our high research costs and excellent quality , the price we are asking is only reasonable .
I enjoy the folk song and dance show very much .
Nope . How's the food there ?
Good luck here .
Look ! Someone is celebrating his birthday .
You should have seen the T . V . show that was on last night , the topic it covered was really interesting , animal rights .
For what purpose exactly , if you don't mind me asking ? I must ask because I need to know the size , you see .
First of all , we change the motor oil and oil filter . If you don ' t do this , it can cause your engine to wear faster and that means you would probably have to change the pistons and intake valves .
Everybody is buying them .
Is it serious ?
Let me see . That ' s no problem . I ' ll see you then .
Sir this is the 56th floor ! We are on the 70th !
Lots . Looks like I'll have to moonlight for the next two years .
I'm ok . I wish I could say the same for my friend .
Do you have any fringe benefits ?
There are thousands of magazines published in the world to meet the needs of different readers . But only a few of them are influential world-wide .
Well , I ' ll celebrate Hanukah soon , but that ' s not as important to us as Christmas is to you . Mainly I ' ll just enjoy the holiday break .
haven't been sleeping well recently .
Thanks . Let's go for a celebration this evening . Are you free ?
No , Even a dollar is all right . Here's your passbook , sir , just sign your name on it .
Oh ! You mean she doesn ' t have to work now ? It ' s hard for young parents not to overreact , isn ' t it ?
Then you also need to be aware of the time limits on the street signs . Have you seen those signs ?
Don't worry . The pilot knows what he's doing .
Well , the first year of our marriage , we had great difficulty getting along . The things that are important to me are not important to him . We had a lot of conflicts .
No . We usually go to places that have specials . Dante's over on the Ave has $ 5 . 00 pitchers on Mondays . So for ten , fifteen bucks , I can get a lot of drinks .
Would you like to withdraw any money ?
You came to the right spot . Come on in and join us !
I agree . We will leave $ 3 . 60 for the tip .
About half an hour .
Would you like something to eat ?
You look kind of green .
Single or return ?
Sure . Why don ' t you sit down for a minute ? You haven ' t taken a rest all morning .
I'm sleepy . I can hardly keep my eyes open .
Oh , how nice ! there are bright rooms and the house is very quiet .
Here . Catch !
One way trip . What's the fare , please ?
But then you have to change the litter box .
What happened before ?
Did you get my email ?
We ' re going to the bookshop . Would you like to join us ?
Well , bring him along too . We ' ll have a great time this weekend .
I'd be glad to answer any questions you may have .
That sounds pretty good .
You're lucky . Not everyone has such a great boss !
Are you kidding ? The meter says 15 dollars , doesn't it ?
Got it . Thank you , Shirley .
I'm so happy that you found what you wanted . Do you want to use a credit card ?
Thank you , sir , I'm sure I will .
I'd like to take the one that goes to the Wild Animal Park .
aside from the Sunday roast , we usually eat dangers and mash , toad-in-the-hole , or fish'n chips once a week .
That ' s not good for me at all . It'll have to be another time .
did you lend him a lot of money ?
It's certainly a big improvement over yesterday .
Oh , that's not the same . I never pay for hotel souvenirs !
Hello , may I speak to Mr . Baker , please ?
Right . We should buy some yoghurt for kids .
How about insurance and full health insurance ?
But on our part , our government is reluctant to approve of L / C payment for our imports . And there is the licensing problem .
We hope you could visit our company again .
I'm Steven , your neighbour .
Yeah . It's already December , you know .
I'm from Textile Import and Export Corporation . I've come to meet you . My name is Zhang Yong .
It happened this morning .
What ? Why ? Can ' t you renew it ?
What ' s this here -- " house stock " ?
The sky is gray .
That's a high price .
We're getting ready to place our Christmas orders and we need to know about how much it's going to run this year . You know , so we can have the funds put aside .
Wonderful . I ' m so excited .
Why's the plane shaking ?
Better hurry , sir . Remember you have to check out in less than half an hour .
I really like my debate class .
But I still have doubted those funds with bad stock performance . For me , his stock record is the very important criteria to decide which to buy . I really want to decrease the risk reach the minimum and achieve the maximum returns .
I know . It took me three weeks , and I work here .
The air quality in this city is horrendous . The pollution levels are so high that we are not supposed to go outside with a face mask again !
Then it must be a naughty boy who did it .
Are you absolutely sure , Mr Zu ? You know , you will lose interest if you do .
No , I don't .
Hello . I'm Ms Dawson from Lexington Software . I need to send these documents to Vietnam via L / C .
Yes . He's one of my best friends . Our friendship formed at college . Why did you ask that ?
We are lucky to play in a new stadium .
Actually , I am afraid I will be stuck in the job forever , if I choose a bad one .
I'll be glad when winter comes .
Yeah , about 5 minutes ago .
Hi , John , how was your vacation ?
Yes , the Forrest's experience can encourage the people in trouble .
I have already known that . I didn't get the scholarship , right ?
It's quite cold this early morning , isn't it ?
Why do they go there ?
You are in love with Mary , right ?
We have too many cars !
What an attractive place ! How can I get there ?
Yes , Mary ?
Just get out of my face , would you ?
What I do is find the website of shops . Then someone from our company visits the shop and buys when they ' re seen that the products are genuine and suitable .
Hi Isabel ! You wanted to see me ?
There isn't such a code ?
Yes , probably but I may look for another one when we're settled in .
Are you kidding ? Don't you know I can't swim ?
Take-out , please .
Oh , thanks , Mr . Kaufman . We look forward to your visit .
Sony please . Do you have extra charge for delivery ?
That's a problem facing many young families nowadays , and we are sympathetic to the problem . That's why we have just started a new scheme ; a Personal Automobile Consumer Loan .
It is known that there is a time limit for trademarks . And we should not have a similar trademark with the one in the same field .
Great , thanks . But how can I get discharged ?
I'm afraid not , unless you want a night flight .
maybe people don ' t like to have friends that are all the same . Most people like a little variety in their lives-including a variety of characteristics in their friends .
Is there anything else at the EDD offices to help me with my job search ?
He is then in a very difficult situation .
That is good of you .
Well . Don't forget to perform your duty next time , ok ? Now , let's start our lesson .
How hard is the climb ?
Medium rare , that ' s right , sir . I remember your order .
Yes , just in case we run into me new characters .
Which do you prefer , meat or fish ?
What do you think of the lawyer's speech ?
Not at all . I still have enough for the next few days .
Would you like to copy the EX files and pass me the copy ? There are some figures I want to check .
It seems that you can e-mail the seller and ask questions .
Sure ! Let ' s have some nachos and mozzarella sticks .
Eh , so so .
Fine then , what time are we going to leave ?
no problem .
I guess so . She is also interested in politics . She knows everyone in city government .
We use a vacuum cleaner that removes all the dirt , and we throw away all of the trash that we can find .
Why not ? I downloaded a beautiful song the other day . We can learn it together now .
OK . What's up , Madam ?
Dalian is my hometown .
No problem , just get rid of the bugs !
Well , we are rather full , sir . I'm not sure if I'll be able to find a vacant room .
I've actually been busy lately .
OK , I completely understand .
How much does this cost ?
We need to establish routine maintenance procedures . It costs us too much in lost production if we wait until something breaks down before we fix it .
Oh , no . Is it serious ?
I hear that there is a festival called Duanwu in China .
I see . And how about the working hours ?
I would like $ 150 .
That ' s great , because it uses natural materials rather than ones that scientists make themselves . I prefer natural remedies to man-made ones .
You don't have to .
Well , maybe you are right . We'll be more amused in a tram or a double-decker than on the subway .
You'd better give up smoking . It's bad for your health .
Now that our bread is ready , let ' s talk about the ingredients ! Of course , each person ' s palate is different , but I ' m going to give you a few tips that you ' ll be able to use when turning any sandwich into the perfect sandwich . I would strongly recommend you put fresh vegetables in your sandwich .
Amenities ? What do you mean by amenities , sir ?
Would you please let the next applicant come in on your way out ?
My husband and I have thought about it , but we ' Ve decided not to have any . They are just too expensive . Besides , with all the news about global warming on the news lately , who knows what kind of world we ' ll have in the future . What about you ?
Of course sir . Our nachos come with melted cheese and chili .
Are you a member of his fan club ?
Yes , it is . Are you in a hurry , sir ?
Classic . Something that could calm your mind .
Thank you . But I am not sure whether the manager is settling for it . She asked me to go to her office .
Yes , I am afraid she gave you the wrong information .
I stayed at Bob's last night .
yes , I hope so . I am studying for my BELTS right now .
Can you do push-ups ?
Hello ! How do I restock my minibar ?
I understand . May I make an appointment then ?
I want take shell on a date , but I don ' t have much money .
Oh , yes , things are quite different with the limbs . Keep your knees bent a little . Right , they should be rich in elasticity . Move slowly when you shift your centre of gravity from one leg to another .
Yes , I know . I think Honda is the most reliable car on the road . I would never change to anything else . The Honda I have now almost never has service problems . It runs smooth as silk .
that was the first thing we did . I have a few pictures . Do you want to see them ?
Thank you very much and anything else ?
Hey , David . Would you like some drinks ?
Now please tell me something about your past work achievements .
Are there any cities where it rains a lot ?
Thank you . How much is this kind of chocolate ?
At ten o'clock on the morning of next Sunday . We have invited all our relatives to the wedding .
Now let's talk about your interests and hobbies .
yes , but I don't really use it that often . Have you ever used it ?
I think so . Here it is . It's by the basin .
You ' d better overcome your nervousness . it is considered an indication that you lack self-confidence .
He was the best candidate this year .
Hmm . I see what you mean . Have you spoken with Roger ? He usually does better work than this .
Is there any chance to further study ?
Fine , I'll take a taxi .
What ? You golden watch is lost ?
Ok , I ' ll see you later .
Please give me some chicken .
No , I hate swimming . I prefer playing tennis .
There is about a 15 - minute wait .
Could you help me to register for a class ?
How about oil or spray ?
I still have no clue ... but we don't have to declare a major till our sophomore year , so I've got time ! Oops , I'm late for class . Gotta run !
I'm fine , Mom . I feel so much better . I want to go to school . I'm missing out on all the fun .
Generally , the reporters take positive lines . They do point out a few problems that we need to be aware of , but there ' s nothing worrying in the reports . In the classifieds , one of our competitors is a
No problem . I'm really looking forward to the coming week .
What's the weather forecast for tomorrow ?
I sure will .
Many people think Brazil makes the best coffee . Brazil exports a lot of coffee . But I love Irish coffee . So it's hard to say . Just depends on your taste .
They give chocolate in return .
But I need a pretty decent job . I need to make enough to pay my rent at least .
First we will take some x-rays and see what we ' re dealing with . I also noticed a small cavity up front here , so you are going to need a filling .
Del Mar and Hill .
Are you going to leave ?
Yes , I think so , too . I must introduce myself in truth .
Actually , I've told them a lot about you . They are excited to meet you .
Did you need help ?
I do feel like an outdoor exercise . After all , we haven't had such a beautiful day for a long time .
Here are some leaflets detailing everything we've discussed .
Yes , I'm the third child .
Thank you for your instruction . I really need to know the rules before I play the game , so I can know more about our company .
absolutely . Every time when we do the reports , we love making some beautiful posters to emphasize our theme ideas .
Dam it , I'm running out of money again , I really need to balance my budget and handle my money better .
But you're actually having the same reaction as our tree-dwelling ancestors ! It's called the flight or fight response . Each time you feel like something's threatening you , your body decides whether to run away or fight ... it causes all sorts of chemical reactions in the body .
Sure . That ' s not a problem . Do you have the list of courses you want to take this semester ?
Umm ... I think so . What's up ?
All right . I ' ll call her later .
Morning . Can I help you ?
Who wrote it ?
Yeah , why not . Do you have all the ingredients ?
You have to take the math and English evaluation tests .
What packages do you have ?
Great play !
No , I don't think so .
All right . All done .
Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work ?
I've seen it so many times in books , but I never imagined I'd get to see it in person .
Did you watch the Barcelona versus Madrid game ?
Generally from the college
Great . I'll take one .
I'm afraid not . Every coin has two sides . I think using internet has a great deal to do with human interaction .
OK . I'll have a look at what I've got exactly in certificates and get back to you . Thanks for your help . Bye .
I don't want to argue with you anymore . This is going to be tough , but Let ' s try and be friends .
terrible . It must be something serious . You two are such close friends .
Did you hear Peter just retired ?
Speaking . May I ask whom I am talking to ?
I'll take care of it .
How do you want to advertise the opening ?
Extremely good . I shot a 78 , including 5 birdies !
Working . I've been really busy these days . I got a promotion .
I'm afraid we have no reservation by this name .
Acupuncture may cause just a little pain , but it also causes a certain feeling of numbness and distension . We ' ll try it every day for seven days . Will that be all right ?
Was it expensive ?
Well , I think we should save more . If we save more money we can retire earlier and enjoy our life better .
Sure . Can I get to the central department stall this way ?
We are going to need confirmation on these orders today , and delivery must be made before next Tuesday . Do you think you can handle that ?
That ' s not bad at all .
You see this is the first time for me to use the swimming pool . I've got no idea about the water temperature of the pool . I'm afraid it might be a little cold .
How big , Alice ? Last time you said that , I ended up working overtime 4 nights .
I'll have a pint of the best .
I see . OK , that's agreed then .
Really , that ' s cool . Let me see what you ' Ve done .
That means that they all have parts of the original gospel , but not all .
What is your job ?
What are your terms of sale ?
Why didn't my alarm go off today ?
Just about .
I'm not sure . I haven't decided yet . Can you recommend something ?
I don't know . The person we asked had to give us directions to the highway to get back here .
Thanks , Daisy .
Let's eat the kind that has both spicy and mild broth in one pot .
Two burgers , please .
Oh wow . How was it ?
cars might be convenient , but they're so bad for the environment .
But I feel better .
Well , we deducted a portion of the income that you made from this week ' s check .
They usually go on for ages .
Now that I have an idea of what you want , I can begin my search .
Okay .
She ' s not quite twenty-five .
Mmm , well this is our " I ' m sorry I cheated on you " package . Two dozen red roses lined with tulips , carnations and lilies . The fragrance and beauty of this flower arrangement is sure to make her forgive you .
Can you eat the seed ?
Smoking or non ?
No . What happened ?
I am very grateful . How much will it be ?
That sounds boring to me .
And can you tell me about the re-inspection ?
Great , thanks . I was calling to change our meeting next week .
The agent we are looking for will help us in Britain with publicity , advertising and so on .
Year ! They are unreliable sometimes .
I want to take them to court .
Don't lose heart . Everything will be fine .
We have that package .
I can understand your position . Perhaps I'm asking too much .
Yeah of course ! Although , don ' t you ever wonder what " could have been " ?
I don't know what you mean .
The reason for my application for this position is simple . My educational background and professional experience make me qualified for the job .
I want my appliances to be delivered as we are moving into the house .
Well , is there any other hotel nearby ?
Yeah . We ' re never going to get to the end of this one .
Oh . That's simple enough .
Why did you do that ?
Now , the effort pays off . You have accomplished something .
I'm still suffering from a little jetlag .
It ' s very nice to meet you .
well , you can simply tell them you want to sleep , or make an arrangement for a time when the room should quiet down .
I asked for leave and was at home when the telephone rang . I picked it up and a girl asked to talk to Mark . She then asked if I was his sister , and I said no , I was his wife . She hung up immediately .
All right , sir . May I have your driver's license ?
I believe that this job would allow me to move up but might be a little boring for me .
So is there a refrigerator ?
Do you take special orders ? That is , do you make machines according to the specific requirements from clients ?
Most of the time I'll be on a tour , enjoying the beautiful scenery there .
It's a good thing you can speak English !
I need to buy some pork for the party . Give me about one kilogram .
I don't know what a bench warrant is .
Oh , Candida Fawcett .
Show it to me , Please . Can you get me another ? It's scratched a little bit here .
Did you get the camera ?
How are you feeling ?
What does a mango taste like ?
Oh , no . Only the suit and coat are to be dry-cleaned . I want to have my blouse tomorrow evening . And I'd like the collar and cuffs starched .
But the semester just started ? Why the rush ?
Did you find anything ?
That would be nice , thank you .
You have no choice , so you'd better adjust your thoughts to be ready to learn anything at any time .
Finish your hot chocolate and we will go .
I live in Beijing .
The same with me . Have you given much thought to what you want to do next ?
I hope to change because my current job is not within my chosen field . Since my major was international banking , I really hope to work at a bank .
Excuse me , sir ?
I'm afraid we can't agree to that . We concluded the business with you here in Houston , and the goods you ordered are manufactured in New York . We wish to point out that all orders accepted by us are shipped from New York or Seattle . Hong Kong is out of the question .
That is exactly what the poll shows . Although the stating of Clinton as a person has gone down in the last two years of his term , his approval rating is as high as 66 percent .
Well , she did , her baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces .
Do we have Christmas pudding ?
Was I ? Sorry , I didn ' t mean to be . I do apologize .
What else should we do now after the floors are done and after the furniture is in ?
They are not feeling satisfied ?
Yeah . But I think I'd prefer ...
I am sorry to say that it's a little higher . Our agents in other areas usually get a 3 % to 6 % commission .
What things make you excited ?
Not as long as it gets fixed .
I'm exhausted . My new exercise class is so hard ,
How about I tire myself out , and then fall asleep when I'm tired ?
Hello , what can I do for you ?
Actually , I ' m thirty now .
Yes , of course . This way , please .
Yeah , so what do you think about the teachers ?
yes . I buy most of my daily necessities online .
train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare , too .
About what ?
The Gramercy Tavern is highly rated . It has great food and live jazz , but it's not cheap .
It's Snow .
That doesn't matter . I want at least 4 percent .
Any other certificates ?
I love apple pie too .
Excuse me , could you tell me where you have got that music book ?
They're over by the oatmeal and the breakfast bars .
What about some sugar ? Two teaspoonfuls ?
I appreciate that , thank you .
This ref needs glasses . Hey ref , open your eyes ! I can ' t believe he didn ' t see that !
Certainly . I'll be back right away .
Thank you , I will be doing my best .
The registration office . Did you bring your records with you ?
Oh , my god , are you OK ?
When you find out you get the promotion or not , let me know .
how about at 11:00 ?
What are your future plans and what kind of expectations do you have of the company ?
I can ' t believe it .
We've got several kinds . All are made of different materials .
To be honest , it looks like your old carpet . Is it really new or did you just have your old cleaned ?
yeah , I know that . But at those places . the prices they ask you are ridiculously high , and if you don't bargain hard , you will get ripped-off .
Well , now I've seen it all ! What a rip-off this place is !
Shall we visit our math teacher tomorrow ?
Mike has changed much after marriage .
that's what I am worried about . I do understand the respect attached with the gift and I am honored . But I really don't think it's proper for a student to spend a fortune on a gift for a professor .
Yeah . This is a big house with a garden . I like it very much .
Just one moment . I'll check with the cancer ward desk .
Well , I'm not working on the weekend , so we could grab some beer , ice and our fishing rods , and head out to the river .
I want to transfer $ 100 .
No , sir . The gym is absolutely free . However , be sure to take your room key with you .
Sounds good to me .
Could you tell me what room had the leak ?
We will provide you with life insurance , health insurance , accident insurance , housing benefits , heating allowance and transportation allowance .
What's that ?
Can I go in to look for a job at their office ?
It goes all the way there .
Well , my whole family is in the United States now , but we're from Costa Rica originally .
Excuse me . Could you please tell me where the train station is ?
Did you check our database to see if it was on the shelf ?
I understand . I'm interested in the Petty Consumer Loan .
I ' m not sure . What ' s the difference between them ?
You look a bit familiar to me . I wonder if I have seen you somewhere before .
Okay ... end of the first quarter ... Alright , I ' m gonna make a beer run .
How do I get to the EDD ?
Wow , this car can really burn rubber .
No , I don't have any hobbies . How about you ?
What ' s your present ( permanent ) address ?
I see . Will it be doubled for the round trip ?
I'm sorry to hear that . What's the matter ?
What kind of movie is it ?
I have told him how to do it several times , but he's never listened to me .
Is this Taiwan 8234342 2 , DS engineering ?
This is bigger than the Super Bowl , man ! Teams from 32 countries compete against each other every four years and fight to win that trophy . They first start in a group stage with bigger groups , each group having 4 teams . The top 2 teams pass on to an elimination stage before going on to the quarter final sand semifinals .
No , but it looks fun . I always wanted to try it .
Charles ? Before I start I was wondering if it was ok if I put a small crescendo in here and then decrescendo back to pianissimo again over here ?
There has been talk at school about canceling the concert .
Then , after you sand it , you use tack cloth to wipe off any dust or sawdust .
Please have a seat . I know our employment of forcer has already given you the information about your employee contract , but I'd like to go over the main details again before signing . First , you'll be getting a monthly salary , with one month paid vacation after one year of service .
Do you mind if I read your newspaper for a while ?
Don't mention it . Don ' t forget to take your daughter along next time .
OK . Whatever you say .
No , nothing of the kind .
Yeah , and the funniest thing was , that he jumped on to his chair and started shrieking like a girl . You had to be there ! Everyone was staring and laughing ... it was hilarious !
It's for you .
Thank you . Let met sign it for you ... there you go .
So , the rate could fluctuate a little , depending on the amount given by the PBC ?
Oh , I'm so happy . I will try my best to love you and protect you . I promise .
Yeah , that's right . If you find this person is more and more important to you and you can totally trust her , then you can stay in love .
Ah , that's the biggest fun of all . You see , even though you're not a good singer , people will listen to you .
My pleasure . You're a sweet couple . Do you have any questions ?
Well , we just got in some mangoes .
What's your meaning ?
It seems I find the right place .
Is this dine-in or take-out ?
They must have got in through the kitchen window .
Did you want to know my favorite kind of pie ?
I went to France last summer .
Yes , it would be .
Yes , I did , but Linda stood me up . She didn't keep the date for the first time .
I hope my parents don ' t try to interfere in my choice of career .
Don't worry ; I can help you with that . I understand that new technology can sometimes be unnerving . The first thing we need to do is check the ATM is in service . This one is fine .
it was really busy . I had to work straight through my lunch break .
That is all right .
I was sitting in this room watching television when someone knocked on the door . Without thinking , I opened it .
2244 Forest Drive .
Pete's Pizza , may I help you ?
Don't be too critical . So what's your favorite ?
Are you ready to move ?
yes , it ' s still under warranty . Over the last few weeks , it ' s also been making a high - pitch noise when it ' s in use .
Waiter , I ' m afraid you must have calculated my bill wrong .
I ' m going to need you to fill out the application .
I'm in the mood for a Californian .
Well , I'm telling you now .
May I have your name , please ?
You're lucky . It's hard to find a place to stay at the beach in August
You are very lucky to have such a nice family .
Sure . At least if I do get robbed , heaven forbid , I can get my money back using the traveller's cheques insurance . Once , when I was travelling in France , I was pick-pocketed and not only did you replace my Traveller's Cheques for free , you also did it extremely quickly and easily .
I heard that the government might need to increase the retirement age , because otherwise there will not be enough workers to support the young and the elderly .
He isn't a punctual person . We may have to wait for a little while .
Man , that's amazing . It must have cost a bundle .
It sounds amazing to me .
What if the sale is made on the basis of sight draft ?
Well , I am afraid you have made a mistake . Would you check it again , please ?
I think a six is your size . How do you like these ? I can recommend them , they're very reliable .
What do the numbers mean ?
Without a doubt . Maybe if he knew he doesn't have to give up any of his old friends to make new ones , it will be easier for him .
Good morning . Are you through with the cleaning ? If not , we'll come back a little later .
Do you know how to turn them on ?
No , there aren ' t . this map just show the geographical features . Look at the Himalayan plateau with the highest peaks in the world .
Here's my VISA .
Well , it may take some time . Mr . Emory ' s at a meeting at the moment . It would probably be more comfortable over there .
Normally it can be completed in four years .
Oh , I'm very sorry about that . You can change it for another one if you prefer .
He began to be interested in finance because he thought he would be able to inherit the family ' s fortune .
I appreciate it , thank you .
Oh , the bus is gone .
My coach wants you to check my blood pressure .
I am really sorry .
Waiter , can you come here for a moment ?
Maybe you're right . Thanks , Don . I feel better .
That's right , once a week . Do you want to order a Pizza ?
Sony or some other brands ?
I'm doing great .
Every night my roommates watch the Korean soap operas till mid-night . I am not a big fan of Korean shows and I don't know how to tell them to stop without hurting their feelings .
And what is the most important point ?
They basically turn their bodies into drums . There's a national step competition every year .
Can I see your passbook and with your draft please ?
Have you ever got the goods on her for wrong doings ?
How do you deal with those who you think are difficult to work with ?
Yeah , it's funny . I usually don't ever eat fruit ...
Hello , Miao Ping . It's that time again ; I want to convert my salary . You know , it's so annoying . I wish my company could just pay me in RIB .
Is that type of plant found in this country ?
I don't think so . Why ?
Well , uh ... why not dine out together and go to the movies ?
Walk ahead a little further . There are plenty of them .
I went to see it the day it came out .
So what's your plan ?
Well , I couldn't get away from work early . And when . I got home I had a headache , so I had to go straight to bed . But I was over-tired , because I wasn't able to get to sleep for hours .
Dalian .
You should have told me earlier . I am a cookie lover .
I'm sorry . We're still going . I got reservations for all of us on the 31st . It will be OK . Trust me .
Yes , certainly . How can I help you ?
What kind of room do you want ?
Hell with it ! Nobody will give it an Academy award !
And I like the festivities of winter with Thanksgiving , Christmas and New Year .
Well , let's have your firm order .
Oh , maybe not . It's just your guess . Do not give currency to idle gossip .
men are allowed to take 10 days of paternity leave for their first child .
You ? Play badminton ? That's unbelievable ! You are shorter than a racket .
I feel kind of stupid .
May I have two full fare tickets and one half ticket ?
Tell me about it . If I was as small as her , I wouldn't think about going on a diet .
Do you have a VIP room ?
I like chocolate myself .
Actually , two of them have dancing figures .
Always be honest with your answers . The interviewers really do want to know if you will be a good fit for them .
He's a little sick under the weather .
Shall I pay extra charge ?
It seems like a good idea but I am not really sure .
There has been an occasional silverfish in the hotel , sir .
I'm going to the fair now . if any one looks for me . ask them to call the fair .
What kind of sport do you like to participate in ?
With everything , with everybody , with all this !
That's fine . I'll do that then .
Which Sons do you want to go to ?
I listen to various types of music .
alright , all joking aside , what kinds of moves do you like ?
What is the next step ?
Did you hear about Neil ?
The neighbourhood is nice too . There is a park nearby .
I'll participate in a quiz about the 29th Olympic Games in Beijing . It will be held tonight . Will you come ?
All right . Do what you can do now instead of twiddling your thumbs .
Like this one ?
And your father's name , Ms White ?
Well , they consider some distinct but related problems , such as seeking for a target market or locating the promising customer . An exporter needs to know about the social characteristics of people he is dealing with .
Do you receive checks ?
Have you got anything for diarrhea ?
Name brand is not necessary . Anything decent will be fine .
More and more women don ' t want to stay at home and keep house now .
OK , I've finished cleaning the blackboard .
Don't worry . Anyway , you are better than me .
Oh , ISEE . So factory tours are good for companies as well as visitors .
Maybe you're right .
OK . Then I'll be expecting you .
The weather forecasters are not good at predicting the weather would be like . Our weather is so changeable .
Hi , I have a doctor ' s appointment scheduled with Dr . Smith , and I need to change it .
Well , it's just that I think if you don't enjoy doing something any more , you should stop doing it .
Look ! Are those all your clothes on the couch ?
OK , Lucy . It ' s your turn . Are you ready ?
Do you mind if I ask you a question ? If it ' s too personal you can forget it .
How time flies ! Why I always feel haven't enough time to work and study ?
I think so .
I heard you are looking for a house .
I haven't seen your father in like 5 years . How is he doing ?
Of course not . You can come to London to visit me in future . And I also will come here if I have a chance .
OH , This is the famous Emperor Palace building .
People in show biz can have such an easy life ; I don't know why they have to make it so complicated .
Let's see . there's my mom and dad and my two brothers and one of my sisters .
Are you positive ?
Don't you think it's a sheer waste of both time and money ?
What a good idea !
I want to get in touch with the Chinese Embassy , because my passport was in the stolen bag !
Wow ! I ' m very excited about your ceremony .
It sounds great , and is it really cool there ?
Wednesday ? Let me see . Hmm . Somehow I think I've already got something scheduled for Wednesday . Oh , yes ! I've got an appointment with my dentist to have my teeth cleaned , and it's essential that I keep it .
Yes . I have published some articles in China Daily and Economist .
No , I didn ' t hear about that .
Hi , I ' m Cindy , the office clerk . What can I do for you ?
How are you , Mr . Zhang ?
It's said that the government will clamp down on the new policy .
It's two blocks down the road .
In other words , the Romans do what everyone else does .
After the varnish dries for 24 hours , you can put another coat of varnish on . Or you can put the finish on . The finish is hard and clear . It goes on top of the varnish .
Yeah , it ' s been ages ! So how have you been ?
I make each one a little different . It's a way for me to express my creativity !
This is my first day here .
I am leaving at 10 , so I'd like to settle my account now .
With the cabinets taken out , it might be bigger than it looks .
OK , I think I know what to order for my lunch now . But , eating too much fried food really makes me fat .
You should take their advice . They know what's best for you . But my friends will have jobs and lots of fun , while I spend all my time doing reading and writing .
I bet I can go one hour in your class this morning and not feel a thing .
Oh , what a pity . I'd like to see the doctor as soon as possible . I have a sharp pain in my chest .
What about veggies ?
Well , I suppose we'll have to hire a cook then . So you won't be able to afford any clothes next year .
what are you going to try first ?
I find it interesting .
I ' m on my way out now . Could you come back in an hour ?
Do you usually shower or take a bath ?
Are you a blogger ?
So how did you propose ?
Certainly . What size do you take ?
Yeah . So did you do anything else ?
But I like the feeling .
I'd appreciate it if you could help me pick out a gift for my daughter .
Could you make it up by attending my other section this week ?
I don't care what others wear . How much is it ?
I think I'd better take that one you showed me just now . It is better than this one although this one is cheaper .
yes , please .
I'm glad you know someone . I knew you would be the best person to ask about this . I don't want to insult Jill or her mother . I think Jill maybe could do it . But I'd rather have someone a little older .
If you say so !
It's very kind of you , Mr John . the sightseeing trip between our business talk will be sort of our work division . business can be make for pleasure . what kind of exhibition we're going to see ?
The bracelet is so well suited to you . It looks very nice .
The first problem is supposed to be solved after the investigation . About the second problem , I admit it's our fault , so we will exchange all merchandise that falls short of our sample .
hold on , please .
I like beefsteak very much . Have you tried Chinese dishes ?
OK . Please step in . I know where it is .
I said it's a lovely day . Why don't we go for a walk ?
Well , we try ! Here , I just made some carrot juice . Would you like a glass ?
People must want him as our President .
I'm the painter . You can be in charge of going to curtain shops to choose curtains . That will probably be pretty expensive too . Having good curtains made isn't cheap .
They took advantage of the blackout .
I'm sorry I scratched your car .
I'm not familiar with that part . Let me call someone in charge .
That's my favorite .
I am starving .
Don ' t worry about it , just drive . Oh , no , the light is about to change . . . step on it !
And it's a brick ?
No , thanks . I'm going home . My wife's expecting me .
I selected my college because it had an excellent academic reputation .
Well , I guess no one can help me but myself . For the moment , I just need someone to talk to , so that I can relieve my stress .
He is at the warehouse this morning .
Sure . Are those pantyhose made of artificial silk ?
No . What is that street charming for ?
Can you tell me what's the time in London ?
And you can hear singing and laughing everywhere ! People are happy in autumn because autumn brings them harvest and richness and prosperity !
Oh , no . I am quite a stone in the water and cannot swim .
I am doing OK , Joe .
Hello again ! Here's another fruit tray for you .
I'll try to speak more clearly .
Don't worry . The traffic is smooth . You will be there in time for your flight .
W-Y-A-T-T , Got it . I haven ' t heard of the name . Could you hold on the line when I check .
Hey , great set of wheels .
Will you go with us this Sunday ?
I am preparing a birthday party for Julia .
The large size please . Do Have you any writing-paper ?
You can start by meeting her at the bus stop and saying hello to her .
I don ' t know how to deal with Jack . He is indeed a trouble maker . He has louse up my business several times .
You have the right to an attorney .
Oh , about seven years . Time flies , you know !
Umm . I think my water just broke ! Get me to a hospital !
Actually , I do need to find the dishwashing detergent .
Thank you . What should I do if I want to phone my family during the flight ?
Mom , can we get cable TV or a satellite dish ?
How do you like other films starring Charlie Chaplin ?
Oh , hi ! I'm Barbara Johnson . Nice to meet you .
morning . Macmillan and Emory . May I help you ?
I'm here on business .
Have you got any specific proposal about the terms of payment ?
Me , too . Now let's make a list for what we need to with us .
Concerning our financial position , credit standing and trade reputation , you may refer to our bank . or to our local chamber of commerce or inquiry agencies .
I am considering going for the new job that was posted yesterday .
And the host announced that he won it all !
how can I help you ?
Not yet . I have an interview with the visa official today .
I think it ' s because the manufactures are constantly bringing out new models . Because they know that we will buy the new models , the appliances don ' t need to last more than five or ten years at most .
I don ' t like going to the theatre .
Good morning , Madam . This is room service , may I help you ?
My favourite is Jasmine tea . I like its aroma .
Would you like me to give you a lift ?
Oh yes , everyone we are inviting is from our company .
Maybe tomorrow . I don't feel like it tonight .
This is much better . How much is it ?
Hey , Jeanine , get a load of that . It's beautiful .
You have a pager ? ! That's a little high-tech for you , Stu . Are you sure you know how to use it ?
Yes , of course . Didn't you know that ?
Can I pay by a credit card ?
It was terrific . The concert was really a hit . The symphony orchestra was so good that I was completely absorbed in their performance .
I'm at the post office .
Which direction do I want ?
Not much . What a surprise to see you here .
New York Times is better ?
Yes , could you give me some ideas ?
Let me think about it for a minute . Let's see ... oh the name of the restaurant is on the tip of my tongue ! Give me a second and it'll come to me .
Well , my roommate was friends with Amanda , so he introduced us .
Jack Remington , room 1408 .
Certainly . And after your internship ?
Excellent ! Now what are the hours ?
oh , she keeps saying that . She never allows me to have them .
You thing so ?
Oh , that ' s such a relief . I didn ' t want the payment to be overdue . Thank you so much .
Then we can have one more program at our party ?
Thanks . I ' ll be sitting over there .
Here you are . Please give me a receipt .
I am very impressed by your resume . Therefore , I am very interested to know why you ' re willing to leave your current company .
Any karks on his face ?
As far as I'm concerned , staying at home is more comfortable than going to the movies .
This is your room . What do you think of it ?
the Rubik's cube is so difficult to solve that I think it should be banned !
Of course . The girls can stay in your room with you .
That ' s true .
Sure , I'll sit right here .
Just a moment , please .
Potatoes , tomatoes and cucumber .
That's a good idea . And in this way we will know how we spend our time and spare a lot of time to do other things .
Why ? What happened ?
No , that's all .
I haven ' t got two minutes at the moment . Can ' t you go over things without me ?
It's 5:30 by my watch .
Does everyone usually show up for your family reunions ?
do you know where it measured on the Richter scale ?
Hm , what you say makes sense . But you know , I still have to ask my parents for pocket money , and I hate to do so at this age .
Yeah , I ' ll try to do the same . So , I was wondering you wanna go out to dinner Friday night ?
Huh ! I am really out-of-shape , Why aren't you out-of-breath ?
Are you new here ?
Well , you already watch too much TV instead of doing your homework , anyway .
Okay , Mr . Horn , see you tomorrow at 10:30 .
And your name , please ?
Yes , my engine warning light is on .
In 3 months or so .
What about him being black ?
Daniel , what are you doing here ? Aren't you supposed to be at school now ?
I usually go every other day for about 3 hours .
They are well known for high quality , that ' s why .
The trust game was your favorite , huh ? My favorite part was the personality tests . I think to know more about what kind of personality type you are will tell you a lot about how you can fit into a team . Also , when you know the personality strengths of your colleagues , it helps you understand them better .
Not only that , but I'm going to buy you that video game after all !
What ' s up ? You don ' t look too good .
88 Yuan .
Crouch down and try not to breathe in the smoke .
No problems . What color ?
Sure , here is my business card . I'm James Wilson . Let me explain to you how things are . In recent months , the demand for residential properties has become extremely high . The price of residential properly has risen almost twenty percent .
I'll have a sandwich and small fries . Would you like to have some desserts ?
No . We still enjoy 10 - day of paid vacation per year .
Stay away from fried foods . Fried foods are fried in oil or fat .
I had a home inspection before , but didn ' t really understand it .
I still can't believe it ! So , did you go to cooking school or something ?
Have you received the reading material handed out yesterday ?
Please write down your address and phone number , and sign here .
don't you think that it'd be a good thing for you to get out of the office for a couple of days ?
Chen Liang , a table for four . And when are you coming ?
I went shopping without my umbrella yesterday morning .
Oh , look at that beautiful countertop material and the double sink !
I heard that you went to the concert the day before ? How did you like it ?
Where is she going to college ?
Susan ! Why didn ' t you tell me that you were taking over the Silk Company account ?
Of course sir , would you like milk and sugar with that ?
Yes , let me put it on the calendar .
Should we be here , Alice ? I don't think it's that serious .
Are you having problems ? This is the first I ' Ve heard of it .
No , not yet . But I like to see what is available .
Yes , it seems that way to me also .
Business please . And I want the most simple one you have .
So , did you want to go ?
Mr . Jones , shall we now discuss the packaging ?
Hurry up ! The smile is frozen on my face .
The ballot gives you all that information .
Right , drink as much as you can .
Of course . Cigarettes are also taxed very heavily .
No , Sir . It has an hour layover in London .
You'll have to have some laboratory examinations to know for sure .
Wow ! It's a trivia game all about the Academy Awards .
All I know about soccer is that you can ' t use your hands and that players are always falling down , trying to get a free kick or penalty kick . It seems like a sissy sport to me !
You're welcome . Enjoy your meal . Press the call button if you need any more help .
There ' s a letter here for you .
Thank you for the dance .
I'd like a suite with an ocean view , please .
All right . But these are black and I don ' t like black shoes . They ' re dull .
Did they tell you why they arrested you ?
Bob , put on your shoes , your feet are really smelly .
They're related to one another , yes .
Of course . I often go to the movies .
I won ' t be able to stay here anymore .
Yes , I see .
I think the Romans do what everyone else does .
Well , what's the climate like in your country ?
What's the size ?
Surely of course . Here you are .
I've only done it once .
Ah , it ' s hard to say .
How about the podium ?
Yeah . He's known as a sly dog . He's done many people in .
Today's rate is 823 . 71 RIB to 100 USD .
I feel my background and experience are a good fit for this position and I am very interested . What ' s more , your company is outstanding in this field .
Francis , you have done an outstanding work in the past six months . In view of your achievement , I trust you ' re now indispensable part of our company and you deserve an officer director title .
Well , they used to , but they got rid of them because of environmental concerns .
Let me have a look . Well , it contains basically all we have agreed upon .
You're right . Most of their dishes have sweet sauces . We could try that Indian restaurant just down the road from us .
Did you bring your ticket ?
why don't you call your secretary and tell her to reschedule the meeting ? You should really get some seat or you'll end up feeling even worse than you do now .
Do you offer a safety deposit box rental service here ?
We'd like to buy some furniture for our new house .
I'm telling you the truth .
OK . Thanks . Goodbye !
I'm not quite sure . You see , I already have more than 5,000 RIB in my cash card , but I really don't know how much I should get .
How do I look in this new dress ?
But anyway , I'll have a try .
There are a few considerations . Is this a part-time or full-time job ?
But why ? Did I do anything wrong ?
I need $ 300 .
Firstly , we'd like to discuss a discounted price . If you can give us a discount of 7 % on the high volumes orders , we can pay in 60 days .
Does your chicken taste all right ?
Good idea . Thank you .
No , I'm sorry we don't . We accept credit cards and cash .
she's on the M40 , near Reading .
I'm sorry , but we can't take on any responsibility that is beyond our functions and powers . We'll make sure that the packing is seaworthy , but we can't commit ourselves to being responsible for every kind of mishap .
And sometimes a substitute table can be made out of a few desks .
People go to the cemetery to pay their respects to the dead .
Well , I know Brown's Biscuit Factory are looking for a porter . They pay $ 200 a week .
Thank you very much
Certainly , sir . If you need anything else , please let me know , and I'll be happy to get it for you right away .
I was taking a walk when a young man came at me from nowhere and snatched the bag off my hands and ran away .
People who play ultimate Frisbee have a positive attitude ; maybe you should join the ultimate Frisbee club .
Yes . Commission will be given on the basis of your sales revenue . And the percentage will be 2 % of your total revenue .
My drives were terrible today . I kept slicing the ball into the roughs and sand traps .
How do you know that ? You haven't got in yet .
Be quick . Put our bags in the deposit box .
Helen gets on very well with her neighbours . I wouldn ' t be surprised if they went to the party too .
You will receive a notice for a phone interview , which will continue the process .
Definitely . I have to spend 300 yuan more on food every month .
That's a pity . Does Friday suit you ?
What are you going to do now ?
Great . How would you like to pay for it ?
I am , as a matter of fact . Do you have any special requests ?
There's a problem with my credit card .
How much ?
And what about that man there ?
Have you ever sung with a karaoke ?
Would you like to clear the table then ?
What are your strengths and weaknesses ?
Good afternoon , Sam .
When shall I tell the taxi to be here ?
Yes , I checked again and again , but I can't find it . By the day after tomorrow , can I have the ticket reissued ?
Excuse me . May I take a picture of you ?
I saw Forrest Gump the other day .
I am sorry to hear that . Why do you want to quit ?
There is something wrong with your card .
Well , I talk to myself . That is , I play one role first , then the other .
I know my parents sometimes threaten to punish him . But this doesn ' t work , instead he picks up another bad habit .
how did you meet each other ?
That sounds fine .
It doesn't matter , I can teach you .
A lorry overturned on the road and blocked it , so all the traffic was held up .
I know , but it is hard for me to get used to your relatives coming to visit us , and without warning .
I'd like to buy a bottle of Centrum , a tooth brushes .
This year I'm going to get him a gag gift .
How do I get to the post office from school ?
I ' d like to book a room .
Yes , in most circumstances . Are you available for business travel ?
Here's your boarding pass . Have a nice flight .
Yeah I know what you mean . That's why this year I am keeping things more simple . Maybe like getting together with friends I haven't seen in a long time , or doing some volunteering work .
Fine , sir . For how many people , please ?
A small cola .
Hugh Young ? Didn ' t he use to wear a funny yellow jacket all the time ?
What's more , some scenes were good , much fit for the children .
Sure . Oh , that reminds me . Could I borrow your black leather boots ?
No problem . Call me when you get back .
Not too well ! I ' m just to the doctor . I haven ' t been feeling too well over the last few days .
Good . I'll be there at 12:30 .
Ok . See you tomorrow .
what happened to him then ?
We still have an important attraction .
Do you ? Then you can see that we have one wish that is to conclude this transaction in a way that will satisfy both sides . What can you do to help ?
Isn't it awful ? I can't bear to look at it . I don't think I can stand this place for two weeks .
Sorry to interrupt . Can I have a word with you ?
They must have just come back from tomb sweeping because today is Tomb Sweeping Day .
Well , whatever suits your fancy . I'll press the service button again .
I've been married for about five years . What do you think about divorce ?
I guess not , They haven't officially introduced her to the whole staff yet , she barely started yesterday .
We'd better go out for a walk .
You know why ?
Excuse me . Is anyone sitting here ?
I think we should each get our own card .
What ? Beg your pardon .
Has Alan shown up yet ?
The apples in my room were delicious . Bring me a few more , please .
I can imagine .
What do you think a job means to you ?
I like talking to you , too .
I'll tell you all about it next Monday .
Nothing smells a rat . I told you that he's an all-right guy .
Congratulations ! That ' s wonderful . I bet both of you are quite happy .
On their bus or in your own cars , and you won't be allowed to get off the bus until you reach the special region .
I am 24 .
We will need it for both days .
Good idea . Let's ask the officer for help .
You are pulling my legs !
Certainly not . What really counts is to play as a team , passing the ball amongst each other , dodging defenders . Free kicks are a result of all the teammates ' collective efforts . However , a few free kicks often make everything different , especially scoring one such goal in the nick of time .
Um , yes , sometimes . Sometimes .
Why not ? Our cannedlichee and canned provisions have already been widely sold in various markets abroad , and the Ma Ling Label has now been accepted by most of overseas customers and importers . Is it quite impossible for you to use the Ma Ling labels as they are ?
You know , it also won 6 Oscar awards in 1995 . Unbelievable !
Thank you . Please bring me some paper napkins .
I ' m very nervous .
You know that ? Dan got a divorce .
This morning , when we woke up , there was water pouring in from the ceiling !
I have a B . A . in Economics .
Oh , I ' m sorry to hear that . Hey , don ' t worry about the dinner . We ' ll do it some other time . But you take care of yourself .
Well , I don't think it matches my jeans . Can you give me some advice ?
Hey . Why did you take that money ? You are such a cheater ! I should send you to jail !
Thank you . I won ' t miss it .
At hotels and some restaurants they add a service charge to the bill , but other than that , tipping isn't customary .
He's very nice , actually , but rather eccentric .
I usually play chess with my friends . But I like playing basketball best .
waiting for someone .
Good . Now , you sign here , you can start work the beginning of next month .
I know he is a martial arts fiction writer . But I've read none of his novels .
Oh , yes , I like that one , but it's too heavy .
Excuse me , could I have a menu please ?
I don't find this surprising . The poll data sound quite right . He is a good president .
Can you tell me how long your internet has been messing up ?
Of course , not . Let me check . Oh , you seem bo be correct .
It doesn't matter , Mr . Lin . I can understand . I know you are always very busy . Work must come first .
A Bachelor is awarded to a student who successfully completes over 120 units , including general and specific requirements , for his or her undergraduate major and elective courses .
Excuse me , sir . Is there anything I can do for you ?
Not a problem . Which loan was it you were interested in ? Sorry , I must ask , because the interest rates can depend on the type of loan you apply for .
Hello Martin . Have you been to any events yet ?
hello , Deva , how are you ?
Eighteen . Some friends are having a birthday party for me tonight . Do you want to come ?
Oh , I see . Well , I don't plan on only paying the minimum , but it's good to know that I can if I had to . Thanks for that .
Oh , she likes keeping us on our toes by getting us use English throughout the class . She doesn't mind your making mistakes , though .
What about her facial features ?
Would you ring these up for me here ?
And I've got to drive . You know I'm not fond of that . I found it much more relaxing to sit in the train .
But I am not that someone . I can easily talk him into doing whatever I want him to do .
Well , if there is no damage , you can return it .
I'm OK . How are you doing ?
I think about twenty-five .
I'm from the plains of the Midwest . It's a prime location for tornadoes .
I ' d like a few cans of coke . We also need a dozen eggs and half a dozen sausages .
No , but we ' Ve got a hurry . It will be the rush hour soon .
Are you doing anything this weekend ?
Ok , do they have a delivery service ?
Wow , your grandma's really having a field day with you , huh ?
I would like to pay by check .
Yes Anthony , come on in . Have a seat .
What are you going to make ?
Oh no . My family supports me . And believe me , changing foreign money into dollars is heart-breaking . You seem to get so little in return .
Not bad at all , thanks . There were one or two interesting people there . Why couldn't you come ?
After the meeting she should type the minutes up , and then keep proper records of the business transacted and the resolutions passed and also implement many of the decision reached at the meeting .
I have to finish preparing a paper for my Western Civilization class .
Would you give me some fruits ? How much are these oranges ?
Yes , I am . When is the wedding ?
Daddy , look ahead in the distance , the mountains there . They roll all the way up to the sky .
Yes . I would like to book a table for 2 at 7:30 tomorrow evening .
I don't know what I'm going to do . I need to find a job . If I don't , I won't be able to stay here next semester .
Taxi !
Where is the fitting room ?
You are not funny either . I can't believe I married a woman like you .
Let me see . I am sorry we just have sold it out .
You're right . It's only 9
Are you a freshman in college ?
I hope we can continue to get support from the departments concerned .
Oh , er ... sorry that's because we didn't have time to clean it .
how about some mascara ? That will make her eyes look bigger .
You put the cup in the little cubby in the restroom and close the door to the cubby .
It ' s nice to see foreign language films making a little impact on Hollywood . I like the " best actor and actress " .
Okay , but you ask him .
Everyone in our class enjoyed it too . It ' s very interesting .
Honey , a typhoon is coming .
That's a lot .
Of course . This camera is easy to operate .
I lost ?
I would like to rent a car . What kind of car do you have ?
Oh , what a beautiful garden !
Yeah . I am on edge since she was out to the match .
She is really something .
Some people say he's from New York .
I have made a reservation for this Sunday . My name is Bobby
Minus the fee . Here are your dollars . Please sign here .
Well . I was wondering if anyone has turned in a passport ?
Here's some dancing . See those guys stomping , clapping and shouting ? They're practicing step-dancing .
She might like a laptop computer .
Why hasn't the bus come yet ? Every morning we have to wait for so long .
Wait a minute . Cal's bar ?
no , I want to come back to China after I graduate .
What do you consider your strengths ?
I see you have bought some coffee . Would you mind telling me how much you paid for it ?
I heard through the grapevine that your getting married .
Mike , what are you doing tonight ?
Absolutely . I think I still have the boarding passes from our flight here somewhere .
Will you tell me the situation ?
That's the one . It's an actioncomedy . What do you think ?
Take the lift over there and turn left . You won't miss it .
I bet you find the character difficult to write !
Thank you . I never imagine that would happen .
How do I check out my status to collect unemployment ?
That ' s right . Unfortunately , so many people go on the haj each year that there are often stamped and people get killed .
I've told you a thousand times . I don't want to go in the Haunted House . It ' s too scary !
Oh , it is my cell phone ringing . I set it in the vibration mode .
Yes . Fortunately , I had my cell with me this morning . I called the police as I was running to get people to come to help .
I'm most upset to hear that . Are you better now ?
I'm sorry , but there's no one here by that name .
You're being childish . Your nose will heal . And so will your pride , if you let it .
Oh , yes , he is brilliant . What's the name of the young actor ?
Millions of things . I surf the Net , check my e-mail , and most importantly , I chat with my friends .
Don't worry , do it step by step
To begin with , you should keep your neck erect upward at any time .
well , he was supposed to be able to learn his job in 30 days , but he just doesn't seem to know what he's doing .
Correct . I have expected to visit here for a long time . So fortunate for me , I can realize this expectation and meet you , Arden , and your kind-hearted staff in your company .
Hi , this is Maria . Is that Shirley ?
I would like to make an appointment for a project meeting .
I am happy . I just bought a new car .
According to the papers , the visiting side is a strong team in America .
I don't know him .
Yes , I would , thank you .
I was thinking maybe we could make dinner together tonight . What do you think ?
Now tell me about your educational background .
Of course . Here is the fitting room .
Yes , it was a very evenly matched game .
Yes , sir . Will there be anything else ?
Here you are . Can I have a larger envelope to put my valuable things in it ?
We appreciate your good intention and your effort in pushing the sale of our slippers . As you know , the demand for this item in your market is quite substantial . However , according to our records , the total amount of your order last year was moderate , which does not warrant an agency appointment . Unless you increase the turnover we can hardly appoint you our sole agent .
Well , first of all , you need to make sure that you eat the right foods .
From here , it does look like it could use a little work . Let ' s see what the interior looks like .
yes , everything is fine .
Yes . I am Belen .
No , but I have taken elective courses in computer in college .
Wow , what a cool car ! The styling of this car really appeals to me .
Yeah , I really wanted to come , too . But something unexpected in shanghai have come up . I have to fly out for a few days , but I'll be back soon .
If you want to cross here , be my guest . I don't feel like dodging cars and scooters !
Yup , I'm never trusting you with the bus schedules again .
Yes , what are your hours ?
Excuse me . Have you got any books on genetic engineering ? I've looked for them everywhere , but I can't find any .
And please send this letter by registered mail .
Really ? How often do you go there ?
How long can I keep the books ?
Not very well . He was white about the gills .
No , you needn't do that . You'd better get a part-time job somewhere and go to evening classes .
Over there in the booth .
No , he will stay here for two more days . Please keep the room for him .
And she was in a movie once again , right ?
It's true . He is a hard worker .
Have you ever been there ?
The entrance to our store is around the corner . And there ' s no other way of saying that . It ' s not the name of our store . It ' s where it is . And you do not own the phrase around the corner .
Well , why don't you have some fruit instead ?
I transferred here from PCC .
Lucky her . Anyway , I think that is just as beautiful .
Certainly . As you can see , we have several three-piece suites on sale . Feel free to sit down and test how comfortable they are .
They're OK , but I prefer chinese ones .
He's fixing his roof .
Ok , a bottle of the house red please !
Yes , of course . I am Monica . I have made an appointment with your HR manager .
I've been learning Japanese every evening .
Good for you ! You ' Ve got new curtains too . That ' s a very nice shade of blue . This sofa is very comfortable . I could sit on it all day !
Oh ! It's so cute !
Hey , young man ! I'm your sis . Don't talk to me like that .
If so , you can benefit a lot from them .
Canada , china , and the use are huge too .
Have you made a reservation ?
Apples and pears , one kilo for each af them , please .
Great . You can help me a lot with English .
I've heard that the Ideal Life School is famous . They offer many programs and there are many classes available . The charge is also fair .
You're welcome . Good luck , bye !
You had two drinks at nine o'clock . C'mon , Ann , you are in an American university now ! You have to learn how to drink .
I'd like that very much .
All right , I'll take it .
I said , is Mr . Thomas there ?
I ' d like to have the bad and the wardrobe .
No , you don ' t . My name is Liu Lili . I got the information from the TV that your department wants to hire a clerk , who will work under you . I would like to apply for the job .
Ah I see , yes you do sound rather croaky . Well let ' s have a look , shall we ? Could you please open your mouth and say " ah " .
You can get the sports package .
Well , open your mouth and let me have a look . It is nothing serious . You haven't got a fever . But you should take the medicine and need have more rest recently . When you feel well , you could take more exercises , or play sports like basketball , running , and swimming . And eating healthy food , having more fruits and vegetable and drinking milk are good for your heath .
More bad news ?
You only have $ 57 left in your checking account .
5,000 dozen is by no means a large order . In that case , the best I can do is to give you a 5 % reduction .
That's good to know , because I do travel quite frequently .
Jake just broke up with me .
That ' s a good idea . After I get rid of the old clothes I no longer wear , I can see what new clothes I need to buy .
I think you're making a mountain out of a molehill . It's only a superstition . It really doesn't mean anything .
You'd better cooperate with me , sir , or ...
Why can ' t I call someone to fix it today ?
Well , let me see some of each .
I must weigh it . Do you want to send it by ordinary or registered mail ?
It's from 10-12 on Monday and Wednesday .
No , it will be another hour .
they do . Once my son was born , there was no reason to drive this car anymore . It's only a two-seater , you know !
Thanks for your understanding . Do you want to make another appointment ?
How about a snack after work ?
Yeah , I hate sitting in the front row .
Yes . We don ' t give bonus every month , but we offer semi-annual bonuses .
Me too . I want to know more about you , eg , what's your real name and what do you look like ...
I don't't think it would make sense if we were the only beings in this whole world . The world is just far too big for that .
It's idea of my husband . He is always banging the drum for better schools .
Do you have small bills ?
The minimum deposit is 1,500 RIB . But you will need to pay some small additional handling charges as well .
Oh , well that ' s okay , I ' ll get some later , thanks ... Really it ' s no problem .
They were supposed to , but so far nobody ' s turned up , and I ' m left on my own to do the work . This is the first break I ' Ve had all day .
Why are you so kind to him ?
where would you like to be located ?
Could I see your ID , please , sir ?
Hey Sarah , I'm having some trouble finding an apartment . Can you help me look at some listings online ?
He must be happy .
A secret weapon . They'd better set up the defense now .
What about the packaging ?
I went to Tamshui . You ?
I read about that , and the position sounded great !
Lamb and beef . It will get even tastier when we add the veggies !
What is the annual interest rate ?
Please ask .
I know . But I ' m not ready for married life yet .
Yes . Yes . Can you tell me how to get there ?
Our production speed is almost twice the industry-wide average . And we've already expanded the factory this year .
After the new year .
That definitely sounds like a steal . I think that is a very trendy neighborhood as well .
Is it the same in Korea ?
Thank you , Linda . We would love you to come to our wedding .
I'm going on a guided tour in the mountain .
Is there any difference between Cantonese food and Sichuan food ?
You're going to have a little Montezuma's revenge tomorrow morning .
No , that's it . Thanks . I really appreciate it .
We can also look at your current credit status and adjust the interest accordingly .
I'm sorry , Sir . She's currently away at our sub-branch . Is there anything I can help you with ?
Everybody , I'd like to propose a toast to Mary Johnson , Teacher of the Year . She worked hard all year . She really deserved the honor .
Oh , it's too expensive . Can't you make it any cheaper ?
I promise I will take the first chance to call on you . Please send your wife with my best regards .
Don ' t think any more about it .
I mean to double the amount for your sales this year at least .
I agree with you , but I think people are pretty bad , too .
If your son wants to study film , probably he will start to collect movies himself .
Well done . You got them all . You get 10 points and your next two bowls are added to this frame's score . I'II dry my ball off and try to knock them all down as well .
It would be a rare occasion to be able to appreciate so many fine species of Chinese and foreign flowers fully blooming in one park !
If the weatherman's predictions are accurate , it should rain tomorrow .
Do I get to choose who inspects the home ?
Yes . I believe you have a luncheon meeting this coming Wednesday . Could you give me some more information about that ?
that ' s why ambition need to be realistic . You can ' t achieve something that ' s totally unrealistic .
Dad ?
What time is your appointment ?
It would help to bring in a couple more troubleshooters .
Welcome to the company . We are conducting a survey of new employees to find out what influenced them to choose our company .
You are quite good at English , can you help me with it .
He ' s fine , but he had a fever last week . He probably just had a cold .
when do most children start school in your country ?
I think the Saudi Arabian will hit the spot today .
Good morning , sir , can I help you ?
Wonderfull . Thanks a lot .
I want to buy a parking permit , please .
All right . Should I take a look at your battery ?
You ' Ve gone through all your money so quickly ? I thought you were well-off .
never .
I just got off the subway . I'm almost there . Sorry I'm late .
I promise you that I have the time to do this . If I didn't , I wouldn't offer to help .
sure , I will be happy to bring a few , what is the address ?
This one is the latest . How do you like it ?
That's right . I feel it's always better to go in with both eyes open , if you know what I mean .
Er ... double with bath . I'd appreciate it if you could give me a room with a view over the lake .
It is on the right . But it is on the other side of the lights .
How come you are walking away ?
And job seekers will certainly check the paper over on Tuesday .
If you ask me , I have to disagree . Something shouldn't be watched for fun .
Hello , Chandler ! How are you ?
Yeah , you have some other ideas ?
I can smoke outside of the office . But what else does it say ?
I saw yesterday that they rent windsurfers at the beach . I want to rent one .
Hamburger Heaven .
It's a deal .
Do you have some points to bring up ?
I see . We had a table reserved for you . This way , please .
Listen , it's almost dinnertime . There are lots of restaurant around here . What do you want to try ? Italian ? Greek ? Japanese ? Thai ?
Thank you . That ' s perfect timing .
The old man is knocked down by the bicycle .
Oh , I'm not sure I agree with you . It was not a good one , but it was not the worst one . Actually , it wasn't too bad .
According to Mary , he's divorcing his wife and there's a big fight going on about the children . I thought everyone knew .
Please take a seat . Do you need a shampoo ?
Oh . You mean Jerry's , over on the east side . That wasn't my idea going there .
Good idea . I will ask the stewardess to help me store my tripod .
I really didn't mean to run it .
Yeah , this one is very famous with a good credit among on-line customers . It's like an open free market . If you want to change your cellphone for a new one , you can sell the old one here .
Not bad . We have had a big meeting today , remember ?
Nice to meet you , I'am Seven . I don't think I ' Ve seen you around before .
What's an ID card ?
Sure ! Well , I graduated with honors from Chesterton University with a major in Business Administration , with a specialization in Information Management , and I minored in psychology . I chose this course of study for two reasons . I wanted to gain some practical , marketable skills , which the information management track provided , and I also feel that interpersonal skills are essential for professional success , hence the minor in psychology .
Oh , really ? I know that telephone signal must have been shielded in the elevator shaft , so what did you do then ?
I don't like Hamburgers . They have no taste .
Let's see . From here , you have to take the 278 bus .
I really didn't see it .
Well , shall we go to the cinema ?
Yeah . I go shopping once a week
Have fun .
Do you surf online regularly , Joe ?
Don't mention it , let's go in .
Would you like some coffee or tea ?
Are things still going badly with your house guest ?
Well now that I know what kind of movies you like , tell me , what's your least favorite kind of movie ?
Great . Then call me and let me know if she's free .
Our copying machines are too slow , our telephone system is limited in function , and our offices are not well-equipped for us to work efficiently . To improve the offices for higher efficiency , we have to change all the chairs and some of the desks also , redesign our office so that we may have more space .
Oh , Yes ?
Yes . You know I ' Ve been cooking more kind of food recently and I needed some extra space for spices and ingredients .
That's fantastic .
It could be pretty tough studying abroad . Being so far away from home ...
This model is very popular with ladies .
Many times there are special services available to certain groups like Women at Work or job help for non-English speakers .
I do like PE , but I am interested in science .
Yes , I ' ll have an ice tea . You see it next to the lemonade .
well , you know I have some students studying for their master's degree . One of them tried to give me a gift that kind made me uneasy .
It's time to get up !
Morning , Tom .
Are you ready to order now , sir ?
My guess is you can safely wear last night ' s outfit to tonight ' s party .
Does the hotel run its own laundry service ?
Be careful of the peeler . Don't cut your fingers .
I thought everyone in your country were experts at mah-jong !
How ' d it go ? Did we win ?
It only sounds complicated . It's really very easy . A lot of people here in America finish their own furniture . It ' s a good way to save some money . And a lot of people even enjoy it .
I think he hasn't made any new friends yet . He's just a little lonely .
I think you'd better take her advice since health is the greatest wealth .
I am sorry , sir . All the tables have been booked .
I am worried .
Yes , sir . For what time ?
Well , he ' s really lucky . It seems that he could win the bet at every turn .
I see . But isn't it a bit too noisy ?
What was she thinking ? Did you confront her about it when you saw her ?
Very well , thanks .
I like to play computer games , read books , go shopping , and play pool .
I mean he's a student developing all round .
Look at the map . It has different areas , such as marine lives , mammals , polar animals and insects .
I see what you mean !
I'm always at your service .
It doesn't matter . But I really haven't gone for a picnic for a long time .
All right , Madam . It's ok . There is hardly any water in the radiator . It's dangerous , Madam . You could break down , because of the heat you know .
Well , here is the money .
No . I was here last semester , but I didn ' t find out about this class in time . So I ' m taking it this semester .
I plan to add an introductory letter behind the resume to increase the probabilities of success in the interview .
It ' s $ 240 a month .
Have you been drinking ?
I am fine . What have you been doing ?
I want to come in the morning .
I took the dog for a walk .
Yes , can I see a few T-shirts , Please ?
That ' s good advice . I should also be careful about giving out confidential information about myself , such as my password and credit car number .
Hey , Jack , where's your car ?
I want an order of that . By the way , I want it hot . I like chili .
Certainly ! How much are you planning to spend on dinner , sir ?
Yeah , I'm going to be making phone calls all day . What a blast .
Although we have many things in common , we'are not soul mates .
Yes , but whom to ?
She will be 86 next month .
I drive a scooter
Which school ?
I'll be back as soon as possible . Oh , I almost forgot I'd better hold on to my ticket stop in case of they let me in .
There is no limit to how many copies you can make .
Hello , I am calling to confirm my reservation for a single room .
I think so . It should be .
By hand in cold water . Got it .
Dark , maybe dark blue maybe black . I'm not sure .
I remember your name . Wait for a moment , please . I ' ll check it for you . Is this black one yours ?
Thank you . Yes , I am Dunlin .
Is the weather usually like this here ?
But your company is huge . Can't they afford to pay the staff decent wages ?
Sure . Where do you want to go ? Are you in the mood for anything in particular ?
As the saying goes , work while you work , play while play . All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy , you know ?
oh , that helps a lot to promote your corporate image .
Did you go camping last Saturday ?
I'm afraid ...
Get some snack foods , too , dude .
It's amazing to me how international business has become . Take my store for example . On any given day , you will find imported items from more than 20 different countries on our shelves .
What do you think is the biggest change ?
And when is your birthday ?
Not really . They all seem to focus on the election . There have been several letters printed in the chronicle regarding that controversial article on drugs that they printed last week .
Yes . It ' s only 5 minutes walk from the campus .
Shift it a little before you get up .
that's very sensible . Would it be alright if I left early today to prepare for the trip ?
yes , for the most part . It doesn't feel as bad as my other ailments , anyway .
And to get it , we have to beat WebTracker to the punch .
Yes , I would . I need to buy a textbook for my course and , as you know , I love browsing through the latest paperbacks .
Ok , I'll try that .
Ok , so can I say , " This is Abby's voicemail . I will call you later , so leave me your name and number " .
Would you like to go to the theater with me tomorrow ?
How can I find out what countries to invest ?
It is better I don't know them . So I can say anything I want .
I got the flu . I have a fever and a headache . Can I cancel my appointment ?
Have you decided what you are going to take next semester ?
It tells me how hard your heart pumps blood and how much your arteries relax at rest .
Really ? I thought his parents had died several years ago .
Don ' t give me your attitude . Please tell me .
Here ' s my passport . I'm a visiting scholar .
Its gross area is approximately nine hundred square feet . There's one living room , one dining room , one master bedroom and two other bedrooms .
Have you ever heard the ads say anything bad about their products ?
3,075 . Our paychecks are 3300 combined . That means we don't have any receipts for 225 .
OK ! 2 Chi round . Try this one . Maybe it's of your size .
The price per night is $ 308 .
I'm sorry to trouble you , but I'd like to ask when I will get a raise .
No , I'll discuss the business with him at hotel .
I prefer the blue one .
Don't take your personal belongings . We need to get out of the building now !
That ' s one of the main reason we chose that particular house . The kitchen and dining room are together . It ' s really large .
That's no problem . It is made of linen , so you won't feel hot in it . I can assure you it is of superior quality . What is more , it is very popular with young women .
Good luck out there .
OK . Let's do it together .
What , Hilary ? I ' m really in a hurry !
That sounds reasonable .
how about your mother ?
I hope you are right .
Yeah , I'm very nauseous . It's mostly nausea and a fever .
No , often my boss requires overtime work .
I think I would like that .
I'd prefer the night tour .
No problem . That can be done . I understand you'll ship the goods before the end of May ?
The problem is now on a truly global scale . I don't believe that any single country can do anything about it .
I do apologize for that .
Sure . how would you like to pay ?
Well , my family's away and I can't afford to do much . What about you ?
Pan American Airlines . Flight 282 .
Oh . I'm sorry but I just accepted another offer which I feel is better suited to my needs .
I see . So our current policies are encouraging sick people to come to work , resulting in more sick employees .
Every so often , I do .
They are sense of post , mentality quality , first aid ability , emergency adjustment , and law consciousness .
No , thank you ! I want an apartment , not a prison .
Yes , you are changed 50 cents a piece .
Yes , I would like to place an order for toner cartridges . We have a standing agreement with you company , so we will need the same amount as last time .
Welcome to ABC electronics . First , let me go over what we do in the department during a typical workday .
I hope I can stay here longer .
Thanks for saying so , but my husband thinks otherwise .
Oh , I was out sick most of last week . I ' m still not completely over it . You ' d better not get too close !
Foreign companies should appoint a patent agency , which is designated by our government to act as his patent agent . This task is usually taken by the Patent Agent Department .
You've got be joking .
All right . I'm finished .
Just a minute , Sir . Are you Mr Wang from China ?
what's interesting to see there ?
Is there a train leaving for Philadelphia ?
I don ' t often go for walks , but I either play sports outside-you know , tennis or badminton-or just sit in the sunshine and read a good book .
Well , as per capital income goes up and up , the growth sector seems to be in the high-end .
You mean your friends . I think it's cruel .
Here we are .
I've never been to a restaurant like this before .
I have my passport with me , a driver ' s license and a membership card . Will they do ?
I ' m sure that science will explain everything eventually . I think that the strangest thing about religion is that so many religions people act in ways that their religion claims are wrong .
It doesn't matter . Bye .
I've been having a hard time sleeping lately .
I'm not very familiar with Chinese cuisine . What can you recommend ?
Don't worry about that . I have already calculated the money about things you will buy . Remember to give me the receipt when you come back .
When does the gym open and close ?
How long do you think she'll be ?
In mathematics I got a 98 .
If they all unite on a certain issue , it's the stockholders who have the final say . You'd think it might be our CEO or the workers , but in fact , the stockholders control the money so they have the most power .
Make sure that you pick up a flyer with the information about the home .
In Seoul . But the company has operations in over fifty countries and thirty factories all over the world .
Yeah , I didn't get the job in the end .
So , you friend ' s getting married on Saturday . What have you bought her as a wedding gift . I find is so hard to choose the right gift .
what took so long ? I thought your flight was supposed to arrive 3 hours ago !
That's good , we can share what we have . Here we are . You go ahead .
Does the internet come up at all ?
Oh , absolutely .
Why did it go down so much ?
Could you tell me how to use the washer and dryer ?
Do you like traveling , Kathy ?
Frankly speaking , three . If your company employs me , it will be my fourth .
Mommy , can I stay up until eleven o'clock ?
Good afternoon , San Felice Hotel . May I help you ?
I got a promotion at work earlier this week .
Is it hot in summer ?
Hi , I'm John Sandals , and I have a reservation .
Oh , dear .
Would you get some that new cereal we saw advertise on TV .
Dalian is a beautiful city . Do you agree ?
Very good , you can come here to work next month .
Hi , this is Emily Wang , I want to see a doctor today .
Well , it's kind of you to say so .
Size 41 .
I ' m not sure what I ' m doing .
Yes , we have landscape paintings , figure paintings and flower-and-bird paintings .
How about textile industry ?
Got it ! I fit into that category very nicely . That's great ! I'll have a chat with my parents and come back . Thanks very much .
A week ago ? They met last summer and now just sink . They will be married soon .
Good !
Here it is . We are pleased to serve you here and we look forward to seeing you again . Wish you have a good day .
I ' ll have to think about that , Ms . Solomon .
There are several interesting articles on recent scientific breakthroughs . I just finished reading one about cloning .
Well , we went to a dance club .
They treated me very well . We cooperated harmoniously and respected each other .
The show will be starting in a few minutes . We'd better go in and find our seats .
It'll only take a couple of minutes .
Yes , I do . It ' s very interesting . What ' s your job ?
Perhaps you would like to talk to customer service .
I'd like to introduce myself first .
That ' s the mini-bar . Each day we check what ' s missing and restock it . The items you consume are put on your bill .
OK , Ben and May , here we go . Be careful , Danny , the ball is coming . That is the green one .
Sure . Speaking of photos , what type of film will be the best ? You know , I'm planning a tour to Jiuzhaigou Valley .
Really ? I can't believe this . I am also keen on classic music . And do you know there is a concert of classic music tomorrow evening ?
No , is it difficult ?
If so , we may live there someday .
With snow in Kunming ? That's crazy !
No , I don't think so . I'll be too busy having tea in our new tea room .
My country is well know for being very flat . There are some hills in the southeast of the country .
That's amazingly low for such a huge accident !
how old is she ?
Come on . Getting a tan symbolizes health and wealth in western countries .
Apparently , you have unpaid late fees .
All you need is your student identification card to check out books .
My grandmother said there was snow once when she was a child . But my parents and I never see it outside of my city .
Could I have a refund on this ?
I see . It's very nice of you to help me . Is this form alright ?
What about ?
Here is the bag . Is that free ?
The final report is exceptionally thorough and well done . I think that you have been come up with some interesting recommendations for the client .
When exactly do you plan on cleaning it ?
Extreme sports are only for a small minority of people . Several people from my university enjoy them , but most of us just watch . No one I know plays golf .
What would you like to see in Beijing ?
Let me guess , Mocha , Mandheling , and Santos !
Well , we've settled the question of price , quality and quantity . Now what about the terms of payment ?
Let me see . Ok , this way , please .
You look so excited . What happened ?
What ' s your major ?
if I taught you how to do it , I'm sure you could solve it .
That's fine too .
You have to do something romantic .
How much does the green one cost ?
Yes . I'd like to travel to London . So I want you to make a reservation for me on May 1st .
It's not easy to find . Anyway , you can come to my home after school today and try .
Can you speed it up and let us have it today ?
Yes , I am , rather . But I'll be all right by tomorrow and ready for business .
Yes , I need some more cash for my visit in China . May I cash a traveler ' s check here ?
Hi , Linda . I have two concert complimentary tickets . Will you go with me tonight ?
I can try to get the book from a different library .
OK ! What kind of account do you want to open ?
What about the outer packing ?
not really . After a 12 - hour flight , I've got jetlag , and on top of that , I think I've also got the flu .
What is your specialty ?
Sure . What's the matter with you ?
Did you work at all during the last pay period ?
Entrusting life to the care of a rope indeed requires infinite courage .
On the bus . The driver collects the fares . You'll have to take your luggage on board .
I'll just use the ATM .
What can I do for you , Madam ?
I'll come see you tomorrow .
I don ' t think you guys have it .
You ought to . One dollar buys you 15 minutes of computer time . A Chat session links you with cappuccino sippers in other cafes and also to home computers on the network .
what kinds of tv programmes do you enjoy watching ?
Sorry , Dave , I didn't mean you . I am just not in the mood for this . I have work to do .
What have you learned ?
Hey , thanks , mum .
Really ? How to do that ?
You know , next week , we ' ll hold a football match . Our cheering squad is busy rehearsing the programmes for it
Are you having problems with it ?
I'm really sick of waiting for a bus .
Yes . I'd like to borrow these books .
What's wrong ?
I'll go with you . Where is she ?
Happy Mother ' s Day , Mom !
It seems that you don't like him .
I just know a little . First you need to include your basic information , such as your name , age , gender and major , etc .
Let me see . Wanted , manager for up-and-coming firm . Must have good organizational skills . Experience a plus . Please contact Susan Lee . Oh , I don't know ...
Let me see your student ID .
I want to check these three pieces and I'll carry this overnight bag by myself .
How did your interview go ?
Poor Femi . Taylor's death must have made her realize that she still cared for him .
How time flies ! We have been lovers for nearly a year . We hit it off instantly .
Photograph or document ?
The laundry has sewed on a new button for you .
Hi , I have a checking account with you .
I had the same feeling when I first came to work here . but after a period of time , I feel better , I am sure you ' ll get used to this busy job .
You can say that again . The sun is shining and there is a pleasant breeze . It ' s so lovely .
just cats , but I don't think I was near any cats in the last couple of weeks .
what ? How could you forget to reserve the concert tickets ?
Is there somewhere you wanted to go eat at ?
Hey , Jim . I didn ' t know you biked to work .
Five .
I've not heard of that , could you tell me more , please ?
Well , except fishing . To be honest , I hate fishing , but I love all the others .
I'd like to help pitch in with dinner .
Dutch , where's that ?
Did you need something ?
Vince , I think one of your programmers is spying on us for WebTracker .
How do Mark and Jones compare , in your opinion ?
I'm sick of doing other people's job and getting blamed for not doing it right .
Tell me about it .
You should have noticed unemployment insurance being deducted from your paycheck . Check your pay stubs .
That's acceptable .
Hi Kevin , how was your year at college ?
You bet !
You have to have your ticket checked .
I work for Thomas Cook Travel .
That ' s true , but my supervisor is very dishonest . There ' s no reason he needs to tell our boss the truth . I ' m sure he will tell our boss that it was all my fault , and there ' s nothing I can do about that . My boss won ' t believe me if I tell him the truth .
What makes you angry ?
Oh , there Isn't ? Oh , no .
Thanks . I will .
Are you serious this time ? That ' s wonderful news .
Is that it ?
Yeah , his attitude is great , but he ' s really unreliable . Sometimes he ' s really productive , but then other times ... take last Tuesday for instance , he was forty-five minutes late for our morning meeting !
B :: Come on ! I just took a glance .
Wen ! That's only a stereotype . Like all Asians are supposed to be math geniuses . I'm not a great dancer , and you said you failed calculus .
More than 2000 now .
Are you ready to transfer tomorrow ?
Really good ! you should try it sometime .
Yes . My only recreation is skateboarding .
Great ! That's settled then .
What was it doing there ?
I didn ' t pay attention to that .
Yes , maybe you can come on Friday .
Then keep up the good work .
Just fine , and you ?
Really ? I thought Barcelona was going to win . They are a much better team than Madrid .
that's a lot of cooking . You must save a lot of money by eating at home so much .
To tell you the truth , I am on the diet .
When did it become CABS ?
For killing time and making new friends .
Okay . Good night . Have a good dream .
Instead of tackling somebody , you just have to touch them with two hands , or if it is flag football , grab the flag that the ball carrier is wearing .
Thanks for your support and care .
Hey Mike . What are you doing tonight ?
Really ? I thought he loved his wife very much .
One less car on the road means less pollution .
Wow , you really live in the Stone Age , Mom .
Good for you . Today we have more chances to try some new food because there are now many new form restaurants in our city coming from places all over the world .
Yes , we still have two boxes left that have dancing figures .
No way , mom . I don't like piano .
Mom , will you tuck me in tonight ?
No . You see , I went back to school to get my Master ' s Degree when I was in my thirties . You won ' t be older than that .
Good morning , Jim !
Hold on a moment please ... Sorry , the flight from London has been delayed . It departed two hours later than scheduled . The whether in London was really bad .
Thank you very much . May I leave my baggage here until Thursday ?
That's more convenient .
Perhaps you saw a silverfish , sir .
You have the right to remain silent . Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law . You have the right to have an attorney present during questioning . If you cannot afford an attorney , one will be appointed for you . Do you understand ?
Good gracious . That ' s incredible !
This is Susan . Would you mind taking charge of decorating the office for our Christmas party ?
Be careful , Tom . Those are pretty heavy .
We will consider the first part of the year , in your particular field , and your credit rating can be no less than class A , during that period .
$ 120 .
Let's rock n ' roll .
Don't tell me anything about it . I want to read it for myself .
May I see your receipt ?
what's the expiration date on your passport ?
Oh , let me guess . Through the internet ?
Did you ? And what did you study ?
I wish my parents were a little more lenient .
I don ' t know . Do you want to go bowling at the new bowling alley on 1st street ?
Everything you are doing is perfect .
You too . Bye .
One letter can have several pronunciations and one word can have several meanings .
I have a problem .
I am not very sure . Maybe for three days .
These ones here . The one on the left is very spicy , so we must be careful about how much we add .
It really isn't hard , sir . You just have to follow the instructions .
have you ever experiences a flood ?
Thanks . I finally got rid of that old Nissan that got me through college .
Got it . Thank you .
Good evening , madam . Did you ring for service ? Who can I do for you ?
no , that would be crazy . But then who will it be ? Oh dear , it must be me . I should have known it ! Why else would he have talked to me alone about the downsizing . What should I do ? I've got a family t
We also have waterfalls in the mountains . They make the landscapes look very scenic . The landscape has been shapes by millions of years of erosion , especially by water .
Public schools are usually state funded , whereas private schools usually get their funding elsewhere .
Hold on for a moment . ( a few minutes later ) I have cancelled your reservation . Shall I make another one for you ?
Okay . Please close the door to the basement before you go to bed . I don't want the dog down there tonight .
I want to have a continental breakfast .
I really like Caesar salads .
Um . . . let me double check . . . unfortunately , she ' s booked solid on Thursday , how does next Monday work for you ?
I couldn't . I was bound and gagged .
The thing with large countries is that often they have vast areas of land that are useless or hardly used . Russia and Canada have enormous areas of ice and forest .
one year already ? It's amazing how time flies like that . Are you enjoying your job ?
I like spring because flowers bloom and trees grow leaves again . In spring , the weather is very changeable-sometimes cold , sometimes warm . It ' s usually windy with some rain . Autumn is usually sunny an
I apologize again for the cockroaches , sir . I hope you have a nice trip home .
Well , If I were you , I would go to the police station straight away and calling .
Let me see . Roll up your sleeve , please . Um ... it's swollen and red here . I'm afraid we'll need to take an X-ray to see if it's broken .
Well , Peter , you have to do better than that next time , won't you ?
Well , I think Clinton deserves high marks for doing his job generally , but he may get low marks for his honesty and personal image .
I already voted .
Three , Doctor .
What is the salary while on probation ?
You're right , but you know , it's hard to give up an old habit .
That's it ? That's the tradition ?
what kind of dishes do you usually make ?
Why am I being charged $ 10 for a movie that I never ordered ?
A woman after my own heart ...
Sure . Here is your receipt and you can draw your tax paid for those goods at customs .
Did you feed the puppies today ?
Maybe you are right .
Ok , so who are we going to invite to our dinner party ?
Excuse me , I wonder if you can help me .
I mean , in Milwaukee there is no good Chinese food . So we miss the food in Taiwan too much . Sometimes we just have to drive down here to Chicago to find something better .
Do you have cheongsams ?
Don't forget my friend Andy from the office . He has nothing to do on Friday , so I invited him over .
Excuse me , miss . Could I have something to drink , please ?
Yes , I almost slid too . Alright . This tourniquet is tight . How does it feel ?
Hello , my name is Bill Martin and we have a reservation for party tonight .
How about eight o'clock tomorrow morning ?
Regular or unleaded ?
Don't believe him . He's liar .
Well , we have always dreamed of owning our own home , but real estate in this area is extremely expensive .
So what does your family do on Christmas Day ?
No , that's quite out of the question .
At 2 o'clock , I switched to the Channel 6 , and watched a terrific movie without commercials .
Why did you put it off until the last minute ?
You know that breakfast is the most important meal of the day ?
Oh , it is conveniently located , isn't it ?
I know . Hold your position and say cheese .
I've been missing you like crazy .
I think I ' m gonna need more than just a dozen red roses and a bear . What else do you recommend ?
Mmmm . I ' m not sure if we have you down here . How do you spell your last name ?
I must admit that I like several pieces of classical music . It ' s certainly more sophisticated that modern dance music .
It ' s badly organized . I can ' t present this to the board .
Lucy , I ' d like to fix the light in the corridor , it keeps flashing , which drives me crazy . Would you like to help me with the ladder ?
Did you ? And what course did you take there ?
How do you usually spend your time , now that you ' Ve retired ?
Have you got a sore throat , too ?
That sounds like a good idea . The sky is clear , the sun is shining and there's a nice cool breeze , so it is not too hot .
I'm going to do that then .
I go to bed , but I just can ' t get comfortable enough to stay asleep .
Sorry , sir . That table has been reserved . This way , please . How about this one , sir ?
Hold on a second please . I'm sorry . He has gone out .
Oh , nothing .
The cartons are comparatively light , and therefore easy to handle . They won't be stowed away with the heavy cargo . The stevedores will see to that . Besides , we'll reinforce the cartons with straps . Silk blouses are not fragile goods . They can stand a lot of jolting .
No sweat . Just go back and talk him down . Here comes Wei .
Yes , here it is .
I have no idea , any suggestions ?
you're right . He is so funny and I think I'm in love with him .
My favorite is Diablo . It used to be Star Craft , but it is getting a little old .
Hah , as the sales department director , you are the best .
I see . What's the interest like on those ?
I need to make a withdrawal .
I don't understand .
May I ask who's the manager ?
Right . Let me see . You go straight down here and turn right .
Ok , I'll make sure she gets the message .
Don't you think it ' s too noisy here ? The rock music ! I can hardly bear it .
Do you have any cheaper ones ?
does it have a camera ?
Why ? I don ' t have to leave the house or browse a dozen stores to find what I ' m looking for . This way , I just search for it online quick and easy .
And we're going to have summer vacation .
What do you think of the former champ ?
Does he know that he has already at his wits ' end ?
He is fine .
Come with me .
You need to get some rest , as you have to get up early in the morning .
Good morning , Passport , please .
OK , thanks a lot . See you then .
Now I want you to look some pictures .
Okay , that's good .
Yes , I think he ' s the most relaxed person in management .
No , don't bother .
Sure . By all means please do . Please take a seat .
I will check to see what my budget is .
Yeah , he didn't come home until 12:00 AM .
That will be gorgeous !
I don't know , but I'm sure the produce person can tell you .
Ok , shall we go to Pizza Hut or Pizza Italia ?
That's too bad , But don't worry . We ' ll put off dinner till one o'clock .
I didn't bring my ID .
do you often go to concerts ?
Sure . I heard about this on the TV . On January 3rd , 2004 , Explorer Spirit landed near the so-called Guser Crater . And three weeks later , Spirit's twin explorer , Opportunity , landed on Meridian Planum named by scientists .
Mr . : As soon as the bell rings after the morning announcement .
Yes , we do . My parents prepare dinner for me .
I can't stand being with you any more . I'm sick of your drinking .
His parents must feel very happy .
Yes , some friends play it all day , all night , and sometimes a whole weekend . I tried to read about some basic rules online , but it is hard to understand . So I went to watch people play yesterday only to find I was even more confused . I think I have to work hard on those rules and more learning by doing . Practice makes the master .
it's not that bad . You probably just had a bad experience once .
I understand that . Still , I'm not in a position to help you . Maybe we could do something later when we have had more and larger deals together .
O . K . , maybe if I have someone to go with , I ' ll be able to get up in time for a jog .
Neither too cold , nor too hot .
I agree . I like guys that can make me laugh .
I really appreciate that I would expect my secretary to be able to work independently and take over some of my ordinary responsibilities , such as answering routine correspondence , taking phone calls for me and sometimes assisting me with personal affairs .
What am I being tested for ?
May I take a look inside ?
Do you mind if I ask you why you've taken the part-time job here ?
Oh , my dear lady , take it easy . You should forgive a green hand like him .
When did it first break down ?
Show me your card , please .
I left it at my parent's house , but I need one here as well . I've been using Jim's old bike but he needs it back .
Exercising at home is hard . The environment is not suited for exercising .
I enjoy the different types of instruments that they use .
Wow ! A third more ? Very good .
It is incredible .
I see . The bus doesn't come so often as in cities .
No , I haven't sir .
My diet consists mainly of fruits , veggies , and chicken .
That sounds good . Which one do you recommend ?
Go to yahoo . com and click on " Travel " and " Tickets . " They ' ll be about a billion sites to look at .
Did you find something you like ?
no . they don ' t . they simply charge higher prices at peak times . Is there no limit on the amount of advertisements that can be shown on tv in your country ?
How long will it take to get to Shanghai .
Besides the official holidays , our company offers a ten days paid holiday every year , which makes it possible for you to visit your parents . Any other questions ?
Um , very nice . It's warm in spring and cool in autumn .
What's her personality like ?
Welcome to IBA Consumer Credit . What can I assist you with ?
Yes . The scenery is so breathtaking .
Well , you can just see the sea . Between the factory chimneys .
unfortunately , it doesn't . how about some diet coke ?
She says that after several years of use , it ' s not working properly . When she uses it , it makes a funny noise .
I guess I'll have to buy a new alarm clock .
All right . Give me a big smile . Are you ready ? Cheese !
Hi , could you help me ? I need to make a dinner reservation .
Why should I buy this MD player ?
When do you find a job satisfying ?
It's really fantastic . The hero , Super Warrior , is so brave that he can defeat any enemies he meets . He runs through tunnels , swims under water , and climbs over bridges . It's really exciting !
Nothing special . I just want to get plastered .
Your credit is fine , Sir . Now , tell me , what is it that you need the loan for ?
The sea seems quite calm , so there will be no fear of seasickness . Are you seasick ?
Do you like it there ?
The significance of understanding the nuance and distinctions of foreign customs and business practices are a continual challenge for global entrepreneurs and trader . Despite many countries accession to TO membership , trade and investment frictions are still predominant among existing membership . However , these frictions will be better managed under the TO trade rules and the organization's dispute settlement mechanism .
Try to catch this bouquet then .
Don't mention it . I'm always willing to help good students .
I hear Jean married a business tycoon .
I hear that you've got a chance to go to Europe for a half-year training program . Is it true ?
Mumm . no .
About 20 minutes . Do you live alone ?
We should write our skills and let the company know we are competent for the job .
Then , by sea , please .
Thank you for being a friend of mine .
I believe they add locally produced honey to it .
Are you going to watch the Indy Five Hundred on TV this weekend ?
How Ay days will the reunion be ?
To be honest , I don't think you could even win a gold in hopscotch !
Oh , my family's going to love this one . I'll take it .
have you applied for grants or financial aid of some sort ?
Thirteen .
Yes . If you want to order room service , just press 0 on your phone , and that will connect you with the front desk .
We want to see the Statue of Liberty too .
right . You can ' t blame the tv stations for showing popular kinds of programmes . They need to make money from advertisements shown during and between programmes .
These are some Chucks .
Yes , hope you can enjoy it .
GRM 789051
let's make a deal .
I've been good . I'm in school right now .
Of course . There you are .
I went sailing , fishing , and horseback riding .
But Sarah says she does not care , so long as he loves her .
You're mistaken about it . As a matter of fact , it's very hard .
Can I have my magazine back now ?
Not at all . They're quiet most of the time . But they can be every bit as affectionate as dogs .
Perfect . I also wanted to know if there is any call forwarding service ? I am usually out of town and would like my calls to be forwarded to a local number .
I've worked here as a sales representative for about a year now .
Here is your receipt . Contact us if your friend still doesn't receive the package after 5 work days .
Yeah , this is my first visit here .
Tell me something about your goals .
That's not fair !
Hello ! Can I help you ?
Good morning , Sir . Are you here to get some advice about our new Personal Financing Program ?
Ms . Montgomery ? Do you have a moment ?
You know Miao Li-my roommate , he bought a computer last month . He has turned his computer into an electronic playground . He plays football , rides horses , drives racing cars , and does a whole bunch of other games . Every night he keeps me up .
Again ?
Me , either ! Who decides how much money we get ?
Ok . Should I heat the wok ?
What day is it today ?
Yes , I can't sleep well every night .
Wait for a moment , please . Let me check whether the private room is available or not . No problem .
Sam , can we stop at this bicycle shop ?
That ' s great . We can go boating on the lake in the afternoon .
Just as usual , you know .
I really want it to rain today .
Where did you buy it ?
Nothing planned . How about you ?
Yes . And what dances do you do best ?
I could also bring some music if you want . I've got loads of songs on my new iPod .
Closed ? Are you kidding ? What is it , some kind of holiday today ?
I suppose you're right .
Hello , Mr . Gao . We appreciate your letting us have the apartment .
That's true . Well , how much do you think I should get ?
Do you need anything else from me ?
I have applied for a transfer .
This apartment is wonderful .
The soft sleeper costs 600RMB one way and the hard sleeper is 400RMB one way .
No , you needn ' t do that . You ' d better get a part-time job somewhere and go to evening classes .
I really appreciate all your help .
It doesn't matter . Follow me , please . What do you think of the table in the center of the dining room ?
There certainly are a lot . Can you choose a favorite ?
What's the tattoo on her foot like ?
I bought it . I got a watch , too . The company that sells this car has a car club .
Yeah . I got sick and tired of her nagging all the time .
Oh , really ?
Ten days ? Would you please repeat it again ?
I live downtown , with my parents .
How much was the ticket ?
Well , I'll accept the price and place an initial order of 10,000 units .
We started dating right away .
Well , I hope the client feels the same way !
How about this one ?
I had a long day today . I really am not in the mood to make anything .
You taught at a local school for a year , right ?
Yes . I have got two articles in English in The International Young Writer's Collection .
Good morning . Could I speak to Frans Smith please ?
Nothing serious . The right one needs some air .
My boss .
OK , sir . Don't you want to have some drinks ?
Okay . Take your time .
We are leaving on our science field trip at 8 a . m . next Monday . Do you have something to write that down on ?
Wouldn't you ? What would you do with all that spare time ?
How long will the trip take from here to New York ?
I like baseball and basketball .
Yeah , but he really puts blame on me .
That's okay . If it weren't for you accountants , nobody would have the money to go skiing !
Hi , I'm out of here . Here's my key .
Well , you always say you're busy .
Please follow the nurse . She ' ll get you ready .
Many factors led me to major in mechanical engineering . The most important factor is I like tinkering with machines .
Thanks , Karen .
Of course , there are 6 other people in the elevator ; they were so scared that someone even started crying .
Mr . White , too .
That's about five blocks . And around corners too . So he was definitely following you .
Well I wanted to go for a picnic but it rained too much .
I wouldn ' t miss it for the world ! It ' s sure to be fun . She ' s invited a lot of people . Do you think everyone will be able to get into her house ?
It's time to leave the office for the night . Firstly I log off my computer , then I set the electronic security system .
At first , I'll write about my life there . Like interesting things on the campus , travel stories , special English words that I come across . Sometimes , I'll post my pictures on my blog so my friends and family can get to know how everything's going .
We have to know that this ticket is really yours .
We ' re looking for a three-bedroom home .
$ 120 ? ! Then I should go and see what I can get ...
I'm terribly nervous .
Yes . And he used to play the piano with a jazz group at the university .
Yes . I heard there's a lager motor company nearby which is open to the public every weekend . We can go to see how a car is manufactured and learn more about the automobile industry .
you're a good student . I'm sure you can do well . What you need to do is to relax .
I'm looking for a citizen for my wife's birthday .
It is the best season for a picnic right now . Have you decided the place for your picnic ?
It ' s very hot and that ' s why I ' d like to smoke inside .
You are right , boss , but I need specific confirm to keep the future work better .
Hi , again . Can I get you some more fruit ?
What have you learned from the jobs your have had ?
Shrimp salad is our speciality , took
Private collectors ! They must have excellent collections . I'II go and see each of them . What kinds of collections can I see ? Come on , don't keep me in suspense !
We still have six left .
Where are you studying and what's your major ?
Well , I admit I always do business on the safe side . Could you let me have your proposal then ?
Hello , Janet . It ' s me ... Oh , fine . Just fine . Say , Janet , I was wondering if you and Tom were doing anything tonight ... No ? Well . would you like to come by our place and play a few hands of bridge ?
Flowers for my favorite girl .
don't I know you ?
It certainly is . But to tell you the truth , the room is so large that I can share it with someone else , and that will decrease the total amount of the rent .
That sounds good ! Could you call them to see if I can get a reservation ?
Mom ! That is so unfair !
Not a lot . What about you ?
How will you solve the problem ?
What seems to be the problem ?
This machine roasts the beans just right . If you roast them too long , or the temperature is too hot ...
It ' s takes only about 10 minutes
Well , I'll take five of the seventy cent ones , and those grapefruits sweet ?
Who ? Me ? Could't give up smoking ? Nonsense ! Of course I could ! I know I could !
How long do you plan on staying ?
It is my pleasure , sir . I wish you a pleasant stay here . Goodbye !
Where did you empty the basket , Bill ?
Just say the word , sir .
Yeah . Li Na's mother has been building a fire under her since her neighbour's daughter got married with a Canadian . She's almost driving Li Na crazy .
Yes . Thank you very much . Mr . Yang .
Yes , there are always pros and cons to making a career change .
You ' re all set to leave .
I've read your report , and I'm not sure I agree with you . You think you can get attendance improved by requiring salaried employees to take their all of their sick days ?
We can provide you with information that will help you understand what is available . We also provide workshops .
No problem . Just give us a few minutes more to pull them up , though . We don ' t get that many English singers !
You can pick up your keys on Tuesday night . When you actually move in is up to you .
Yes , I have the Tour Guide Certificate .
I knew the delivery was slow but I figured the price would win it for me .
It really is .
Yes , I have some foreign currency to declare .
let me repeat that back to you . That's zero , double seven , eight , seven , three , six , seven , double six , double eight .
Can I help in anyway ?
Only since this morning .
That ' s not right , somebody should do something .
Whoa ! Oh , no !
No . Please don ' t . I couldn ' t let you do that .
I didn't know you had such wild friends . Do you smoke marijuana too ?
We will keep and return it later .
Well , it has a lithium battery that lasts for 24 hours and it has a 160 second anti-skip mode for when you're playing sports .
Mormons believe that , after the death of Christ and the death of the Apostles 10 , their church Christ founded became corrupt and the authority of Christ on earth was lost to men . In 1830 , a prophet named Joseph Smith was brought up by God to restore the church .
Yes , of course . I am calling to apply for a job as an accountant .
When do you think you will do that ?
OK . Do you have any advantages to work in our entry agency ?
It's an interesting job , and your company is one of the best known . Although I have no work experience as a salesperson , the job description you sent was very interesting . It's a job I've been dreaming of when I was at university .
That ' s interesting . They must be thinking of moving into that market . Are there any interesting editorials ?
And plate number .
If China didn ' t have such a policy , can you imagine how many people there would be in China now ?
You can have more than 1 key if you'd like , but we must have signature cards for each box .
Here , I ' ll help you type one up .
The river in my city sometime freeze over . People go ice-skating on it . In summer people go boating on the river . But few people go swimming because it is not very clean .
Does she have any piercings or tattoos ?
Well , 20,000 RIB , it'll have to be then .
Yes , I received the scholarship 3 times on end .
Leave the cup in the cubby in the restroom . Just close the cubby door and walk away .
Perhaps I should impose a limit on how much Tv my kids can watch . They don ' t do much else in their free time . At least they always do their homework first .
You are right , look at the crowd . Do you think we will be able to get tickets ?
There was something wrong with the plane last Thursday .
What do we do first ?
That ' s a good idea .
Well , let me check for you . Yes , you are booked already . It's a single room with a bath , facing the south .
You two are so health-conscious !
Yes , of course . I think our travel agent would have made the reservation for us .
I am going fishing in Alaska with my friend , Mark .
You have been so busy these months . What are you up to ?
Just so so . But we can travel twice every year .
I know , but I'm going to enroll in a night school to take a course in business management .
Do I really have to do it ? I don't know how .
Alright , alright . I ' m coming .
Me too . Recently , I'm fascinated with net-chat . I've made many friends on the net . Every day I talk to them and share many interesting things with them . I really enjoy it .
I think the campaign is a blockbuster .
well , he'll definitely lose his license , pay a fine , and maybe even spend some time in jail .
Excuse me . Sir . Where is the No . 1 bus stop ?
Where do you want to meet ?
Don't worry .
Not yet . I feel too lousy to go out . Anyway , I have a flu . I know what it is . I don't need a doctor to tell me that .
How long does it usually take you to make delivery ?
No , who won ?
Just give the man sitting there three yuan and he'll give you a ticket .
And when is your son's birthday ?
Oh , certainly . I'm Linda , the Manager . I can help you with that . How many will there be in your party ?
I ' m sorry . The application for this position has closed .
I didn't sleep much last night .
Yes . Look at these historical relics here , amazing !
I ' m betting the New York Yankees win . How about you ?
You ' re welcome . Have a nice day .
No , I didn't . How high is the tax ?
Yes , I do . I ' m learning Chinese now on the internet .
That'll be five yuan forty , please .
That sounds very interesting !
I would say it's about 5 degree Celsius .
It s a little overpriced . Is there any discount on this laptop ?
Well , my dear . I didn't believe either . But got it straight form the horse's mouth . Davi called me this morning .
Yes , and I'm a very good driver .
I think a crew cut is the most suitable for you .
How many windows are there in the apartment ?
Excited about what ?
First , I ' Ve heard that your latest book is based on a true story .
Yes , you can have multi-accounts on the card , you can also make transfers from the account and securities companies and various other benefits .
How about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look ? I remember there is one in the gym .
Nothing rang a bell .
I can assure you that such a thing today will never happen again in future delivery . We have made the plan to improve the package of our exported goods .
That is correct .
Hey , Teresa , meet the new neighbors yet ?
For six months , please .
You're so thoughtful . Thank you .
It was a kind of sixth sense .
Only on Saturday and Sunday from one to five p . m .
We'd like to welcome everyone to the Michelson Tools factory site , and thank everyone for being here today . My name is Paul Shafer , I'll be showing you around today . Please feel free to ask questions at any point during our tour , I'll be happy to answer questions for you .
Yeah ! I am here with my friend and he thinks it may be the spark plug or the starter motor .
If I were him , I wouldn'tbrazen it outby asking my parents for money .
Can I write that down ?
Basically , you really don ' t need to do much of anything . On the Continued Claim Form , you will note that you now have a new job and also note what you are earning .
I think a train journey is as fast as a bus journey .
Too bad I missed it .
Yeah , it's right in the parking lot .
It's Greek to me .
Maybe so , but do you have any idea how much this one is worth ?
I don't know . Who ?
Yes , I see . We will cancel your order .
The weather is really nice today . Let's walk .
I feel they're dirty .
I'm sorry for being late .
OK , I can do that .
Japanese teams always play a dark horse .
He's a captain .
So decode this for me , Madame Psycho .
How have you been doing lately ?
I'll pay attention to my handwriting next time .
I've had a delightful time and I really appreciate your spending so much time showing me the sights .
That it easy . They get caught before they come here .
I ' m surprised to hear you say that . I thought you loved anything technological .
My house is up in Altadena .
Fifteen minutes ? I ' m sorry , but I ' ll have to call back . I need to get back to work .
Medicine . In my country , that certainly has great prestige .
Be prepared to show a written notice of your termination as proof .
But I am still worry about them . I ' m afraid ...
Excuse me , but are you Mr . Smith from Britain ?
Ah ! She has a bad memory . How old is she ?
What about me ? I ' m your friend .
Allow me to introduce my self . My name is Jack Black , manager of the company .
Why do you want to join us ?
Yes . But Mary is no match for Susan in painting .
Say I've got two tickets for the concert this evening . Would you like to come with me ?
It was for two o ' clock in the afternoon .
Sure . If I could , I would eat hot pot every day !
Because the earth's environment can't tolerate cars forever . I think cars are already causing global warming . When the problem gets more serious , world governments will have to start limiting car use .
I am sorry . sir , I will check for you . what ' s your room number ?
I quite agree with you . With our hobbies , our life can be more colorful and exciting .
Tell him I was asking about him .
Did you just arrive in this country ? You look a little nervous .
It hasn't been working the past few days .
That'll be all .
I had a good time . You seem to be in a hurry . Don't let me hold you up .
Yeah , I know what you mean .
Just buy a cask of wine . Have you bought ice yet ?
Oh , she did ? Then it's a used car of course .
We have been riding this bus for a long time .
You mean I have to attach the receipts with the expense report ?
Can I make a reservation ?
Fish , beef , pork , chicken , vegetables and beancurd . For staple food we have rice , steamed bread , stuffed buns and noodles .
I majored in Economics .
No , thanks . I'm on diet .
Sorry . How far is the museum ?
Nobody told you what happened ?
I ' m a sales manager in a publishing company .
Precisely , the actions the countries have committed to take are consistent with TO agreement .
I have to have at least eighteen to keep my scholarships and grant . But so far , I only have fifteen .
Where do we get off at ?
Mom , Happy mother's Day ! Here's my card .
I think I will . Thanks for the info .
You ' re missing the point . It ' s about respect . He treats us with such a patronizing attitude , as if we are not equal or not as serious as our male co-workers . It ' s his attitude that needs to be changed , not just his words .
So I ' Ve got two tickets to the latest show but I need a little favor from you .
Really ? What ' s the catch ?
By the way , we also have some good red wine and white wine , such as Great Wall White Wine .
Excuse me , how do I get to Wall Street ?
Please , call me John .
Well , Indian cuisine actually doesn ' t serve beef . You see , cows are a sacred animal , a very important element in the Hindu religion , so beef is not eaten .
Sounds ideal . We'll get back to you in a couple of days then .
An interesting meeting , isn't it ?
Here is a guiding plan .
Bright colors , smooth material , exquisite craftsmanship , soft lines ... Darling , it looks elegant on you ! It can't be any cheap stuff . Something around two hundred , I guess .
Three times a day after meals .
should I bring anything ?
I never thought about that , but you're right . What do you think we should do ?
First you have to put the car into gear . Move this shifter so the arrow points at D for drive .
What kind of fruit do you want ?
Thank you very much , Mr . Smith . I am very happy that I ' ll be a member of your team . May I see the agreement first ?
Thanks . You're in room 507 , a big , nonsmoking room , with a queen bed . Is that okay , sir ?
What size do you take ?
From the looks of this house from the outside , I don ' t really think that I want to go inside .
Although it is easy to ride , the condition of the road surface should also be paid attention to , such as places being put together and full of gullies . If the condition permits , it is better to be equipped with helmet , eye shades , ankle shield , knee shield and elbow shield .
Oh , Linda . You must be so excited about going to study in America .
If there are bacteria in your urine , it could mean an infection somewhere .
To buy or to rent ?
Is that the large , white building ?
Have you made your hotel reservation yet ?
Oh , you are such a good child today . Come here . Sit next to me .
You mean that I won't get a raise until the recession ends ?
We are on the high way . Find the pound shade ..
Ok , now we are getting some where . Pants ?
That sounds interesting , but I can ' t drink alcohol with the medicine I ' m taking .
You must have dialed the wrong number .
you know , you could probably get a computer program that would help you . You already have a computer , so you could use that to help you mix some music .
It is green . Come upstairs and see it .
No ... mom said that we'll have the wedding at home on the 2nd . So let's hope your mom is right about that being a lucky day ...
What else are you going to do ?
And your stereo too . So what did he steal ? We have to go look upstairs .
No problem . How much ? If I don't have enough on me , I'll pop over to the ATM and draw some .
I can't . I am already behind the schedule . Besides , you know Mr . White . He would think that I was putting him on .
I don't know . I never went to a church before . I was not raised as a Christian , so I don't know what to do .
Just calm down . It's just a turnover . Make up your mind and we can shoot well .
Yes , of course . What is it ?
Sorry sir . We can't . Cash only .
Johnny , I want to thank you .
What ? We are merging with Trusten ? I never thought that would happen . Will we be getting new owners ? Will it affect our jobs ?
Who told you that ?
how have you been living without a cell phone for a week ? hasn't it been driving you carry being without a phone ?
I'm afraid you can't buy any medicine without a prescription from a doctor .
You have children now . What if something , god forbid , happens to you ?
My father failed in business .
That ' s good to know .
Exactly . Is it possible to have my overcoat dry-cleaned , too ?
No ! So ... is Halloween essentially the same thing as ghost month ?
Then I'll take them . How much ?
It's going to be $ 55 .
If you need any help , let me know .
I love chicken salads .
Yes , I was just wondering when you'd have time to go fishing .
Let me just make sure . You want to withdraw one thousand dollars .
No , but that makes me even more excited .
What else will the Employment Development Office need ?
Not bad . It really is great to see you again . W here have you been ?
She doesn't have an ounce of fat on her face .
I hope so . I really hope so .
Yes . I've never been here before .
Don't brother me !
Mom , where is the remote ? I can't find it .
Thanks . See you .
Americans also don't go to work on Saturdays .
You haven't had any experience in either of those fields .
I think I will continue my studies . Now it's not easy for a graduate with bachelor's degree to get a job since there are so many graduates with master's or doctor's degree . We are likely to lose in competing with them in the job market .
Have you received any other honors ?
So have you ever been to the stamp display of the town ?
Do you know where he comes from ?
No wonder you say English is a crazy language .
It sure is . I'm glad it didn't rain . My name's Mike Gates , by the way .
I've got this important letter to send to Hainan . Can I send it by registered mail ?
Great ! I'll arrange a viewing after work tomorrow afternoon . Could you tell me the detailed address ?
Have you seen the news today ?
Ms . Green , are the schools more or less similar everywhere throughout the United States , or do they differ in various sections ?
Hi , why do you look so depressed today , Mike ?
Actually , it is impossible because the mountain is covered with snow all year around . And is has heavy fog for most of the time .
Me too . Recently , I've made many friends on the net . Every day I talk to them and share many interesting things with them .
Go along this street to the traffic lights .
It is nice . Is it water proof ?
Don't worry about that . Your English seems very good . And our instruction manuals are very clearly written . It's easy !
What do they look like ?
You are attracted to her . That sounds great , but how do you know that it is a crush or it's real love ?
No . Well , I don't know . But Taiwan is so crowded . Don't you miss life in America ?
Could you tell me the time ?
There are a lot ! Two really bad ones are Giant Monster and Human Spider .
I appreciate it . It is related to company image .
Who is ?
Are you ready to go to the bank ?
Yeah . You said it .
Why don't you visit the Great Wall first ?
No , usually I get my films developed at a photo studio , but I make my own enlargements .
Of course it does . Everybody has his own hobby .
Okay . Here are the photos of the apartments that fit your preferences .
Cindy ' s husband is Ron .
Well , I sympathize with your problem , but , to be honest , I don ' t think there is any thing anyone can do for you . You were trapped in the system . If you want , you can talk to the director . She will help you if she can .
You're no able to move after this class .
Maybe . But I ' d rather be spoiled than turn into a crazy guy with a long period to talk to the birds .
Aisle , please .
How far do we have to go ?
Then I guess you're healthy enough to clean your room before school .
Here , I know a short cut ... just go down here , and we ' ll cut though Ashburn Heights . Let ' s go , let ' s go ! Watch out for that lady !
And then right at the bridge .
What wish do you make ?
I have a table for four available at 7
Yeah , thanks . Could you pick me up a chicken salad sandwich , an order of fries , and a large diet coke ?
May I ask why you're returning the radio ?
Brad , wait !
I think French will be fine .
That's right . Once the contract with Stars . com is final , we'll deal with Zina .
How long has this been going on ?
Yes . I received my Bachelor degree in Business Administration .
Oh , Yes , I see it now .
Oh , yes . Here it is .
Here is the money .
Yes . And suddenly I heard someone call my name . I turned around and there was this man looking at me . I didn't recognize him at all , but he obviously knew who I was .
I am fed up the ready-made suit . Can you recommend me some stuff for me to make one ?
All kinds of insects dress themselves up . They drive straight their own Flower Cars along the Parade Avenue of Ants Kingdom .
don ' t worry . I don't think you ' re going to lose your job over one mistake .
Yes , in our company , the women have a two-week vacation a year , besides this , if you are a married woman , maternity leave for some months is permitted .
That ' s a great idea .
I know , but ... Hey , Stanley's here ! I've been wanting to hear him sing all night .
Look at the icon in the bottom corner of your screen . Is it flashing ?
Do you know anything about Dr . Miller's classes ?
I swear I will never shop at a street market in China . It's a terrible place full of excellent profiteers ! You have to keep an eye whenever it comes to paying for something .
Excellent ! That sounds like a plan .
Oh , I see . Could you please split the one thousand Renminbi into hundreds and tens ?
Band 6 .
Do you accept checks ?
Are you sending them abroad ?
Not at all . I never really did , to be honest . What about you ? Did your family used to play games together ?
You said you never went to hospital .
Consult your bank and see if they will reduce the required deposit to a minimum .
Wang Yongmei .
We also will have to check your department budget . Do you know how much money you have for office supplies ?
That is the best part . Your hotel is actually an old country villa that has been restored and refurbished to accommodate a maximum of that is guests . You will enjoy an intimate and private time in this very spacious and warm N Included in the price is three meals a day , excluding beverages . You can choose to eat at the fabulous restaurant that offers a stunning view of the lush , green gardens . If you prefer , your own private butler can arrange your meal to be served in your room or outside on our terrace .
Now and then .
Yeah ?
I think so , because most young people like modern dances , such as rock and roll .
So I have , but I has reminded me at least one thing I need to remember .
It's the holidays ! Everybody knows how hard it is to get tickets !
Have you ever had snow in your city ?
And the holidays provided you a chance to think over all this and make a decision ?
It was the first time . You should not be so particular .
Www ! That weirdo ? ! He really gives me the creeps !
Certainly , sir . What is the flight number and when are you leaving ?
It's fine with me .
How about the umbrella ? It's made of wood and paper . It's very beautiful .
A juice and a coke .
Sure , thanks .
Anything that distracts you from work ?
Well , it ' s nice to have a husband like you .
The Grand hotel , is it far from here ?
How do I submit an expense report ?
Look , daddy is on again . Don't you think he is handsome ?
I'm not sure , is this our stop ?
Yes , this is Julianne Horton , and I ' m calling to arrange an appointment with Ms . McNeal .
Do you have anyone in mind ?
Yes . I think I won't come here again next time .
I was wondering if I could ask you a few questions .
You want to throw me out over this ?
Good afternoon . What service do you require ?
Yeah , it really is that simple . Every time there's a change in the items we do business on , you let me know . That's all you need to do .
Oh , my God . Do you want to be a millionaire ? I can see you are very crazy about money .
You have to catch it going west .
Or Lapis . They are both listed this year glory magazine for have most of frantic Fetch cuisine in town . But I heard Lapis has a better wine selection .
Excuse me . I ' m a stranger here and lost my way .
Photograph .
Don't forget to send .
Do you have some experiences to share with me ? I want to have a try .
Your vintage clock ? ! I just paid sixty-five dollars for it .
Carol said that she would spend some time checking that everyone is up-to-date with their work .
Credit card .
Parents have a difficult job . They have to bring up their children and usually have to work too .
That's the best part . It wasn't for anything special . He just wanted to buy me something .
The core values are credibilities , team work , diligence and devotion .
The police need our help finding a robber .
Laura , what are you going to do today ?
Yes . I have . I'm interested in your underwear . If the price is acceptable we would like to order it soon .
Can ' t you be more considerate ? I need your encouragement .
We do require a deposit before we can issue you with a personal credit card .
Yeah , too cool . How much did they sold you for ?
I suggest you read English texts aloud every day , and try to speak more . That will be beneficial to cultivate your sense of the language .
I went to Croydon .
So , he ' s not a bookworm ? It ' s good that he has an outgoing personality . Some kids are very quiet and introverted . You wonder they ' ll survive in the real world without their parents to support them .
When did you get that ?
What happened to her ?
Okay , see you around .
They got rice , flour and oil as presents , while the leadership got 1000 yuan shopping card .
No , I'm not hungry .
Make it a few inches long .
How many more games are left this season ?
Look it up in the dictionary .
How often do you meet ?
Oh , Amy . I am the luckiest guy in the world .
What's your name , please ?
I have plenty of gas .
I'm studying English , math , and history . My major is English .
Yes , yes . She said she is going to stop drinking coffee too and quit all the unhealthy habits just for the baby .
remember , no honking this time . The horn is only for emergencies !
Hi , Lily ! How is everything ?
What are spring and autumn like ?
And look what we did to him ! Hey ... he left me his business card .
Then I ' ll come to your place later in the evening , and how late is your shop open ?
Yeah , Please do . Now let me show you the house .
Yes ! How did you guess that ?
So coincidental . Actually we can exchange some information on this problem .
Then let's split the difference and I'll give you 60 yuan , OK ?
Now we have to walk all the way down to the end of the street .
The dog bit the delivery boy .
Do you think it's suitable for me ?
Do you want it for yourself or for your girlfriend ?
Oh , I see . Office romance tends to be the subject of gossip .
What's her figure ?
I don't think she would do such a thing .
Are you familiar with American-styled accounting ?
Let ' s play a little game . I ' ll describe someone and you try to guess who it is .
You're welcome , bye !
Sorry , guys . Could I just interrupt for a moment ? My money is on the Yankees !
Ben always appears rude to the people around him .
The next cockroach I see will be number ten .
Do you think I should ask Bob to help ? Will he come ?
A stop ! Wait for the lights to turn green .
Hotel front desk .
Look ! It looks as if it is going to rain .
Great . I will make my reservations as necessary .
I am reading the book on patent and I think it will be helpful for my work
Hi . Are you new in this class ?
Yes . That ' s the minimum .
Are these all your personal things ?
Sure , you still have my contact details , right ?
Thanks . Lovely day . Pity I ' m on duty .
Well , I'd rather do it the way we set up . But if you promise to give me your best game , it's ok with me .
OK , I will take the tour .
This is my first day at work !
It was just a misunderstanding .
Yeah , besides , your credit will be deducted . That is kind of serious .
OK , I just want to brief you all on the travel market in Taiwan . To start with , generally speaking , the travel industry in Taiwan focuses mainly on tours . This segment of the industry is well developed .
Good . I wish I could have another vacation .
What is it about ?
What ' s the difference between this and other Churches ?
Some people pile on their agonise and try to seek other ' s sympathy by telling them how miserable they are .
That is so thoughtful of you .
My present address is No . 21 South Zhongshan Road , Apt . 19 , Shanghai . The post code is 220150 .
Thank you , sir . I'd like to say that I ' Ve really enjoyed working with you . However , I think it ' s about time for me to leave .
OK , I get it ! ! Thank you for your very thorough analysis !
Ok , where and when should I meet you ?
Who do you mean ?
I've been chosen to plan the next family reunion .
Do you like surfing ?
Wow ! That ' s fast ! I don ' t think we will be traveling that fast on the motorway .
that's what I thought you would do . Listen , I live in a bit of a rough neighborhood . It's just down the street from all the bars . You probably don't want to be walking around after dark .
Wait . I want to ask you if this bus goes down Fifth Avenue as far as Greenwich Village .
I would like sirloin steak and tomato salad .
I ' m trying to decide what school to apply for .
All right . What is your type of skin ?
Long or short ? Straight ? Curly ?
yeah , I quit my job , and started working from home . Recently I've got a project to deal with and don't have much time to work out .
What is two hand touch and flag football ?
Oh , so nice of you to come here . Have a seat . Please make yourself at home .
That ' s my middle finger , Nick . This is my ring finger !
No , as long as you can guarantee at least 15 guests , there is no extra charge .
There is a beautiful state park here . I can see why so many people come out here to camp .
What's your favorite flower ?
I'm terribly sorry , but I've already made arrangements for Wednesday .
I just told you , Debbie . I tried to call you twenty times !
Yes , I have already done that and they already look for it . I ' ll leaving soon and I need my vise and identity cards badly .
Maybe . But if there's a blackout , probably the pubs are closed . And besides , I know you have a political science exam tomorrow . I thought you had a lot of reading to do .
Don ' t tell me what to do ! I ' ll get to it when I get around to it !
I found it very disappointing .
Sure . But my beard is rough .
This coming July .
Then , when do you plan to get married ?
Well , I am sorry you have to leave so early .
high ceilings , a tile bath and a big drawing room .
Hey , Devi , have you thought about where would you like to go to dinner on Friday for your birthday ?
A bit over two years . This is a fast-moving company , and seniority isn ' t the only factor in deciding promotions .
I know some of them are doing that . But this is new to me . I've never made payment in yen before . It is convenient to make payment in pound sterling , but I may have some difficulty in making payment in yen .
Yeah , quite right . Gambling broke up a happy family .
Good job ! This is going to be a great night !
I won't make any noise . Mom , please .
Mmmm . They smell nice .
Okay , Okay , I got it ! This is the ring finger !
You're welcome . Turn the application in at Window B .
That ' s right . That ' s when accidents often happen . The Saudi government tries to limit the number of pilgrims , to reduce the chances of accidents .
Even silverware ?
That ' s stupid .
Yes . Yesterday .
Um ... I have to confess , I haven't given it much thought . I'm from China and Halloween really isn't celebrated there .
Yes , please . Thank you for everything .
They are especially harmful to teenagers .
I like this fragrance .
Don ' t be moody ! I hope you ' re not tired , because we ' Ve been invited to a party this evening . I know how excited you get about parties .
Well , I'll accept the price and place an order for 10,000 pieces .
Oops !
He would have recovered from the stress and got married again .
I'm sorry . He is holding a meeting until ten o'clock .
Are you able to compose music ?
I don't know the reason .
For one thing , sir , the quality of the image is usually better . That ' s because it's digital .
What does that mean ?
OK . I will mention how great you were about helping me today . I appreciate your help .
Would you like to have a shampoo , sir ?
Are you ready to transfer to a new school tomorrow ?
Are we going to come back here for lunch ?
Take care , honey . I am always expecting you .
It sure is . The Grand Canyon is truly a masterpiece . No man could ever make anything like this .
So , what did you do out there ? I mean besides bask in the sun , obviously .
A beautiful center !
What was your major ?
Isn't this fun ?
I could go to the movies on Friday night instead . Would that be better ?
I think our success is partly because of Wallace's contribution , and partly because of our new marketing strategy . Because of the new advertising campaign , we have become the top sellers in the field .
How long will the tour take ?
OK , and I'll bring some information that helped me with my presentation .
What ? You don ' t love me ? Me , either .
All right , ma'am .
I know . He doesn ' t like to ask anyone for help . My dad insists on paying his own bills and taking care of himself !
It's no use complaining . If we had got enough money , we wouldn't put up with it !
Professor Donald , are you giving your advanced geology course again next semester ?
It is hard to come by in life that you experience this kind of comfortable !
Are you watching the soccer match tonight ? It must be the most exciting one in this season .
What sort of shift-system do you operate ?
Well , wait a minute .
But both my wife and I prefer taking a bus .
But , I want to ride it , Daddy .
Please be seated . It's my treat today .
Wow , isn't that dangerous ?
I haven't been involved in international business , so I don't have any experiences , but I am diligent and I learn very fast .
Good for you , but your leaving will be a great loss to us . It is so nice to work with you .
I'm looking for a grocery store . Are there any around here ?
Okay ...
Let's bygones be bygones , start saving right now .
That's a good idea . I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family .
I also heard if a player has committed 5 fouls then he must be out of the game .
Please do .
You mean the large one or the small one ?
Tad , I'm pretty hungry right now . Want to walk over and check out the food table ?
we spent that afternoon walking around a flea market . We had a few coffees , watched a movie , and went for a swim in the pool at the hotel .
Do you want small bills or large ?
Obviously you did enjoy the concert .
It is heavy and not convenient to take them to the top .
Why can ' t you tell me ?
Well , it can't be helped . We'll just have to put up with it .
What kind of jobs have you had ?
Are all of your team members on schedule ?
Well , you have to make sure that your anti-virus software is updated regularly , yours wasn't up to date , that ' s probably what was causing your problems .
And your address ?
What is that below ?
I didn ' t know that .
When I was your age , my parents didn ' t have central heating like you do ! We had a furnace in the center of the living room and that was it . We used it to cook , heat the house and even dry our clothes ! We never caught a cold . You should be grateful !
In that case , take the basket outside and empty it .
Oh , he's 14 and in the past few months , he's become quieter and a bit secretive . He locks himself in his room and I think he's running around with the wrong crowd .
It must be fun . But you know , I am not good at chess . I never won since I've learnt to play chess .
You owe $ 235 . 13 .
I think so , too .
Mom , did you see Andy's dog ?
Please let us know the quantity required so that we can work out the premium and freight charges .
Don't worry about it . There is nothing strange about it . If Conrad's there , we'll leave for the party . If he's not , we'll sit down and have a drink .
That'll be 60 dollars .
Do you think we ' ll have a nice summer this year ?
that sounds good . I'm going to start with an Italian tiramisu .
Did I do it right ?
I have to do some things , and besides , it's not polite to be nosey .
Say , how about a walk along the river ?
The popular tour of the season is a 14 - days ' sightseeing to Venice . Are you interested in that city ?
The housework is really a big problem for me . My husband is on a business trip to the U . S . now and I have to take care of everything myself .
That ' s all right . Let me see , oh , that lace looks so unique , and it ' s so creative to make a picture display here . How did you get that idea ?
I'd like a little sugar , please .
Consumer Credit Department . How may I help you ?
Okay , forget about that . S , do you have some practical dreams at present ?
It's very kind of you . By the way , when does the pool close ?
Linen . It ' s ideal for summer wear .
It was so kind of you .
There's nothing I can do about that .
Good . I'll get my coat and come downstairs .
In a cushioned sleeper , please .
Really ? Quite a woman , isn ' t she ?
When do you go to bed usually ?
What is the price of the suite ?
Next Monday !
Do you ever get lonely living alone ?
I agree that it was bad service , but I heard one of the other waiters mentioning that it was our server's first night on the job .
Sure , what do you need ?
Mark , I told you yesterday afternoon that I would be using that file today .
Thank you for your advice ! I'll try it .
Oh , does she ? That's convenient .
Well , if you think you are ready , I'll let you enroll .
A crazy language ? Why do you say that ?
Did you have something on your mind ? You look so concerned ! Maybe I can help you !
It's better than picking up dog poop .
Really ? That's great ! I know that your company has a lot of clients in France .
I know what you mean . I could use a vacation myself .
It's harmful . Not only for yourself but for others .
Don't you like games
Please wait till your name is called .
Rob lost his bike .
But I called your cell phone , and there was no answer .
didn't they announce that our flight was delayed ?
Well , What seems to be the trouble , Mr . Williams ?
I had fried shrimp and clams for lunch .
Oh . I see . But I have done it .
And humility . I would have liked to meet him personally .
It is unnecessary .
Fine . How are your term papers ?
I would now like to offer three hundred and thirty thousand dollars as a counter-offer .
Okay , I'm sorry . I believe you .
Couple times a week . How about you ?
Yeah , I went . Did you go ?
Oh , thanks a lot .
We are playing against Hainan .
I would love to catch a movie this weekend .
Yes , I'd like to check in , please . M y name is Peter Wang . I have a reservation for three nights .
I really feel like eating a salad .
Yes . That's true . We are always busy . The company attaches great importance to high efficiency . Sometimes we have to work overtime , but not always . And we have extra pay for extra work .
Sure , why not ?
What is the greenhouse effect exactly ?
You too . Have you lost some weight ?
I found the ideal position . I ' m working for a plumbing company .
Mrs . Reynolds ? This is Martin Gross calling .
200 yuan a night .
Good morning , sir . Could I be of any service to you ?
Yeah , I know what you mean . The first year of any marriage is difficult for all couples , not to mention two people from different cultures .
You must feel very uneasy at his home .
What colour are you going to paint them ?
thanks , but I'll stick with some jasmine tea . I'm trying to watch my diet .
If I can improve my vertical jump a few more inches , I think beach volleyball might be my ticket .
Did you eat any candy ?
I want to hear more about this apartment .
You bet . eBay Taiwan doesn't have it ! And bidding will start at two thousand NT . This baby's worth about six thousand to real tennis fans ...
You are welcome .
What ? You want to leave early ?
Oh , I see . You ' Ve already decided , have you ? Now , you listen to me , you ' re only 19 .
This is Mary speaking . Who is that ?
Could I have my hair dyed ?
And would you prefer a window seat or an aisle seat ?
Wounds good , and I don't have to queue up at the cashier .
How tall would you say that she is ?
Can we order a mixed drink in this restaurant ?
Yes , the lift is just around the corner . You can go up first , and your luggage will be brought up straight away .
No , I'm just going to let you go .
There is a supermarket in Kensington High Street . I'll come and give you a hand .
An automatic sedan .
is this line for non-residents ?
What may I do for you ?
Will my record be cleared after I pay the fine ?
I basically believe in science over theology . I mean , I believe in evolution for example . However , there are many things that science hasn ' t explained yet .
That's a good idea . Let ' s go !
Is there anything I can do to help ? Just remember that I'm there for you if you want to talk about it .
Guess what I've brought for you .
Ha ! She is too little .
Then the north line is the right track for you to take .
I am having a party Saturday night at my house . If you have time , you should come .
Will you call his wife and let her know so that if she is available , she can come too ?
Hopefully it will .
Would you like to go to the concert with me ?
I work so hard that I do not have the energy to exercise .
It's 555-4321 .
Will you be voting ?
Yes , Mr . Chen . Here you are .
There's a lot to share when you have a common interest .
They didn't say .
Yes , that was surprising . I heard that they got into a fight and then decided not to go .
Don't be silly . It's no trouble at all .
Let's see now . Cut the potatoes into small cubes .
I'm so tired ! I don't know how I'm going to make it through this lecture .
Yes , we have rooms available then . You require two single rooms ?
I've been studying hard for my examinations . And you ?
It's OK now . Don't worry , John .
It's the same in my family . The coffee table in my living room is covered with copies of Fashion .
but don't you think it annoying to overcharge the customers by such a handsome margin ?
You can rest assured of that . So far , no customers have complained about our outer packing .
I'm supposed to be in Rome on the morning of the fourteenth , but I'd rather get there on the evening of the thirteenth .
He has a girlfriend already .
How do you like it here compared to PCC ?
There are so many flavors of ice cream to choose from !
Birds of a feather flock together .
What color are her eyes ?
I'll give him a call .
What about tomorrow ? Are you doing anything tomorrow ?
It ' s all right . I don ' t mind being busy !
I'm very worried , doctor
First , they'll say I have a lot of energy and enthusiasm . I really enjoy working with people . Secondly , they'll say I had great customer service skills . I put the customer first . And thirdly , they'll say that I know the law . I put a lot of effort into my education as a paralegal and take it seriously .
Sure . Where would you suggest ?
Excuse me . I bought this just now and here's a receipt . I'm afraid I was short-changed . Could you look into it ?
But sometimes summer is more charming than the other seasons .
Do you have any idea where we are ?
Haven't you heard that he is in prison ?
Sure . You can fully enjoy your time together .
No , I always back up my files .
that depends . What is it ?
Why did you ask me if I wanted some ?
Usually it's at least five days and four nights .
Sounds great . Do they serve noodles ? I am in the mood for some tasty noodles as well .
A copy or the original ? I guess you need the original , right ? OK , I'll return shortly .
Hi , I ' d like to have my phone turned on , please .
No . He has no idea what a fat little pig I was !
This is Joey from Mary trading company . I learned that you are the leading export of cloth by Hummed company .
But I don't think it's so nice .
It's our wedding anniversary , honey . How can you forget about it ?
It was around one thirty in the morning . I guess I didn ' t fall asleep till 3 because those numbers were involving in my mind . I just couldn ' t stop thinking about them .
My pleasure . Release the parking brake , and we're almost ready to go .
Here are several sets of furniture , including sofa , dressing table , wardrobe , and sideboard . How about this one ?
It wasn't always like this , you know .
Rose , the weekend is coming . Let's discuss what we will do .
Seventy to sixty-seven .
No , she isn't . My girlfriend hates red .
Fine , thank you .
You don't have to explain . Suit yourself .
Hello , Sir . What can we do for you today ?
I can hardly believe it .
Thanks for helping me move into my new house .
Why don ' t you find a new career where you can do what you enjoy , being outside working during the day ?
What exactly is the problem with the latest lot ?
Which students go to private schools , then ?
Not necessarily . This is only what she says , not what she does .
We ' re starting at 12:00 and it ' ll go on for the rest of the afternoon .
You're kidding . We'll never make it across in one piece ! Let's cross at the light .
This is my first time washing clothes here .
Do you remember when and where you last saw it ?
We're terribly sorry for that . We'll send our staff io fix it now . Or do you want to change your room ?
I am stealing vegetables at the Happy Farm .
What is that plastic cup for ?
Great party , isn't it ?
Well , the sale price is $ 1 each .
But a taxi costs too much .
Well , my mum lost her job yesterday .
How good is your Mandarin ?
Home at last . Tonight we have a lot of homework though .
It's true . I would never go there again either . Country music is a nightmare . So is it the Latin Club ?
I have a package to post today .
Mexico is south of the United States .
That's good . Do you live near here ?
Yes , that's for sure . But it is not that bad . It's gonna be all right .
Really ? OK !
It's not too bad , but it's pretty cold here too . I heard it's going to be a little warmer tomorrow .
Where would you like to be in 5 years ?
I took the red ones just before lunch and the white ones just after lunch .
I'll have to look . What do you want it for ?
We used to have a woman here who dressed like that and she was good , very good . But , the clients reacted very negatively when they saw her . Some asked that their account be given to someone who dressed more conservatively .
it was a rather big mistake . When you work as an investment adviser , ONC small mistake can cost the company millions .
Yeah , are you surprised ?
You know , sir , you don't have to use it . You can turn it on or off . If you don't want to use it , you just never turn it on .
Oh , thank you ! It's very kind of you . Ah , it is a porcelain vase .
Good . There is only thing to be settled . Ten RIB an hour is the maximum we can pay you . Is the rate of pay acceptable to you ?
Hi Mary , how's it going ?
I recently saw a piece for spicy chicken curry in a magadize . Maybe we could try that ?
Yes , that's possible .
Yes , you are paying for it , so you get to choose . I would pick the best one .
Leopard . It's famous brand of good quality .
Here you go . I can take care of it here when you are already .
Did he crash ?
See you on Thursday , then .
I wonder if we can make payment for this order by documentary collection .
How did you spend the night there ?
Lorin Maazel . He did an amazing job . Moreover , he just celebrated his 75th birthday .
Where did you get your fantastic recipes ?
Are there any special features that you would like to have , such as , a dishwasher , a balcony , a swimming pool , central air conditionining , etc . ?
Sure , what is it ?
I don ' t have it .
Yes , I am after some sugar .
Oh , yeah , A . Thank you for approving my job .
Yes . An automatic message says your phone is not in service .
I'll be here for about a year .
Who is Cindy ' s husband ?
But what if someone's still up there ?
Thank you for your kindly words .
It's May 1st .
Yeah , but sometimes Bingo wants to play with me , but I don't have time .
Stalls .
ok , we will . How do you get around in the evenings ?
What do you think of this flat ?
Sure , please give me $ 10 in advance . l Wil have them bought for you .
this way , you'll earn more at the new work place .
Very well . You aren't in a hurry , are you ?
Our silks are known for their quality . They are one of our traditional exports . Silk blouses are brightly colored and beautifully designed . They are greatly favored overseas and are always in great demand .
The total for all these items comes to $ 36 . 78 .
Oh ... Sure . We have an entire month ! In traditional Chinese culture , Ghost Month is a period when the door between this world and beyond opens up and ghosts come back to earth for a visit .
Do you know if she's read this one ?
Yeah , yeah , but today ' s lesson was all about the creation of the universe .
Shall I give you a ride home ?
Maybe you have a touch of the flu .
I think that countries are working hard to find a planet that we can live on in the future so that when global warming destroys this planet , humankind will not become extinct .
Mr . Bellow , have you anything in mind as to what to drink or may I make a few suggestions ?
You know that you ' ll have to pay utilities on top of the rent , right ?
Want some more ?
Everybody gets men ties for Christmas . It's too boring . Everybody buys either ties or sweaters . I want a more unique gift .
Sure . Can you get it yourself ? It ' s in the refrigerator .
Thirty percent discount , OK ? That ' s the lowest price .
I'm so familiar with her songs , but I don't know what kind of person she is in real life .
Fine , here it is and have a great semester !
Wonderful . How much is the cost altogether ?
What's your proposal then ?
No , I did that a long time ago . It's about telling my son the truth about Santa Claus .
Exactly . How much do you want for it ?
I ' ll have to try it . You know how I am about Italian food ! What ' s the name ?
I just started , but the job market is very bad right now . I'm not optimistic about it .
Oh , it's the high time for you purchasing in our clothes shop . We are now having a preseason sale on all our winter apparel .
I don't know . If we can't , we can buy from ticket scalpers .
When I come late , there ' s usually nothing left .
I can't deny that . She is so beautiful that I fell in love with her at the first sight . I wish I knew more about her .
Maybe we should just wait for the next bus .
Certainly , Mr . Smith .
Sure , where is your office ?
I'm so pleased that you can go .
Mom ! ! ! Please . All my friends have had it for years .
Yesterday morning was beautiful i thought the sunning was going to continue .
Oh , buddy , you are so kind . Thank you !
Maybe so .
And my wife would be happy if I bought her a mink coat .
Hi , Natasha , how's life ?
Ok . Take care . Have a nice journey .
It feels like ten degrees below zero at least . I don't mind the cold weather but I do hate it when it gets slippery .
I have apple pie , ice cream , chocolate cake and fruit cocktail .
Oh , there is a supermarket not far from here . But there is also a tea house around the corner , where you can get tea , taste tea and get a tea set as well .
Have you been having these headaches for a long time ?
Bill payment , please . I'd like to pay my electricity bill . I heard there's a new way ; I'm sick and tired of all this queuing !
What are you waiting for ? Get on that bus quickly .
Yes . May I know the number ?
We'd like some local-flavored pastry . Can you recommend some ?
Everyone has a one-week waiting period before they can collect .
OK . I'll go see the doctor .
Really ? So what ' s the news ?
I know , but the geology of the American west is my major interest and I have done a large reading in the field .
Sure . What do you want ?
your parents will be choosing your girlfriend if you aren ' t careful ! Why don ' t you try being more decisive ? Start with some basic ones . When your friends are discussing which restaurant to eat at , mak
Hi , I ' d like a single room .
I'll have a go .
Oh ! Good evening . I'm sorry , but she is not in . She's gone out to the theatre
How much are you talking ?
Well , I just thought that it was right up my street you know .
Well , this is certainly a nice place , Mr . Taylor . What sort of public transportation is nearby ?
Until next weekend , if that's OK .
Excuse me . Can I deposit valuables here ?
I'm from England .
Here's the check . I included a little extra for you .
Yes , it does , doesn't it ? But this man was always over-tired , and he couldn't sleep . So he used to take two sleeping pill every night .
That's great . I don't suppose the copy machine is free for guests ?
Those taste really good .
But let me tell you , you're doing just fine . I couldn't do half as well as you do when I was learning German . By the way , how long have you been learning English ?
Like most students . I want to work in America after graduation .
Well , you know me . I can always eat pizza or Spagetti .
Yes . As a matter of fact , you can't board the plane without boarding pass .
Do most students in the United States attend private schools or public schools ?
The heating controls don't work anymore , so it always feels like it's about 100 degrees in the car -- even in the summer !
1 week . Would you recommend me scenic spots to see there ?
That sounds good . I'll take the escalator .
So why aren't you driving it ?
Sure ... but it's probably better for the workers , because the union's whole purpose is to look out for the little guys . The only way that the little guys can take on the big bosses is if they unite . Labor unions are all about getting a voice for the underdog .
If you had a box made in the ' 20s , that would be nice .
I vacuumed the entire house .
You've got no guts !
What you said is absolutely right . I will pay you back as soon as I get back on my feet .
They weren ' t supposed to arrest me .
But why is it too late ? It's Saturday night . You have nothing to do tomorrow . Why not stay out and drink with us ?
Oh , did you get a job ?
Yeah . I bet you did forget everything . What's the date today , do you know ?
No , I am from south California . This is my first real winter .
For me , it's one of those games that are fun to both watch and play .
Uh ... yeah . Hi ! Is Susie there ?
This microwave stove has many functions . Let me show you . For example , if you want to cook meat , you just need to put meat in it , and press the button with a picture of meat , that ' s OK . After several minutes , you can eat the delicious meat .
Oh , we're lucky today , aren't we ?
I'll have Chicken and Ginger Burger with Chilli Dressing .
When it comes to select a fund , you will always read " Past performance is not an indication of future results " , can you believe that ?
I brought my transcript from my first year . Here . And here is the list of courses I plan to take in the fall .
Of course !
Your Honor , I am ready to make my plea .
So , would you make gay marriage legal ?
Let me give you a hand . The author is ...
Is there anything on sale today ?
I did the same . I spent hours yesterday evening wrapping presents . I hope I didn ' t forget to buy anyone something !
Oh , don ' t go yet . Let ' s at least have one more .
Oh , what a coincidence ! I bet Bobby must be very happy about it . He likes children and always wants a child of his own .
Oh , never mind about that .
Why do you look so gloomy ? What are you looking for ?
Maybe not . Could you buy some while you're out ?
Sorry , I don ' t quite follow you .
30 % of the people are attracted by the style . Buyers always pay great attention to packing . In my opinion , these goods didn't sell well merely because of the poor packing .
Only 700 yuan .
OK . Here you are . If there are no questions , could we have your signature in the blank below ?
So you have to apply to begin the first semester next year .
I ' m looking for a bookcase , but I don ' t want to buy a new one .
It's located right under our lobby . Just take the elevator or the stairs one flight down .
He's only interested in harassing you . How can he expect us to have so much time to waste ?
Here are the letter and the money .
I ' d like to bring to ABC Company not only my technical skills , ambition , enthusiasm , but also my loyalty , a sensor desire to become an administrative assistant . It is the hardest of my career plans .
How is your job search going , Janet ?
You have quite a range , haven't you ?
Where do you live ?
I really don't like any ice cream with nuts in it .
About 100 words a minute .
Walk all the way down Fair Oaks , and catch the 267 on Altadena Drive .
Exactly what ?
We won't charge any extra if you'd vacate the room by two o'clock .
I am also impressed with the lines in the movie .
That's the point . Your overhead is in your domestic price , but it can't be carried in the CIF price .
Hmm ... you're right . Well , I guess ' Terminator ' is an exception to the rule .
Yes , what's in the package , madam ?
Great ! I asked Grace to bring cups and serviettes as she is also bringing two big coolers for the beers .
I actually try to avoid name-brand items . I can't stand it when big companies advertise their products all over the place !
Judy , what is everybody talking about ?
An empty house is easier to paint and clean . Take a few days to take care of those things before you start moving your furniture in .
Congratulations . That's great !
I think I may rent this apartment from you .
Well , I think that it is pretty safe to say that this is not the house for you .
Hi , Mark , did you catch the game last night ?
Yes , we do , Madam . Thank you , madam . Here ' s our welcome brochure with all of information of our facilities . My name is John . If you need any help do let me know . I ' m at your service .
It's too biased . I just don't agree with their one-sided reporting .
Reading newspaper on the couch .
Oh , that's too expensive . Aren ' t there any cheaper ones ?
A description of each test is given on the site .
I'm going to work in holidays and pay by installments .
Wait , that guy , I know him . He is just a bench warmer .
What's bothering that guy ?
OK . Four saucers . We can buy some custard tarts tomorrow morning .
Well , there ' s nothing we can ' t handle . I ' ll spray the floorboards and walls to get rid of the cockroaches , but the termites will be harder to get rid of . We will have to cover the entire house and fu
I see . Would you like me to reschedule you for another night ?
Actually , no . It should be a suite . I had booked a non-smoking king .
I'm afraid you've got the wrong extension number .
Good Point !
01088256798
Yes . You are right .
Thank you very much . I will introduce your property to our clients . When they want to see your property , I will give you a call .
Finally 100 candidates ran for one seat .
Myrdal , purse doesn ' t just disappear . Think carefully . When did you have it last ?
I ride a motorcycle .
Who's that over here ?
Can I get you anything else ?
So it is , I've come again to renew our sole agency agreement for another 2 years .
Tom , hi , this is Mary with Gold Star Mortgage .
Certainly I do .
Sure did . It's a beauty . Where do you want it ?
Good evening , John .
Do you really like it ?
May I see your ID ?
Are the batteries in it made by your people ?
This dress is beautiful . May I try it on ?
I am afraid we are sticking to our choice .
then who will you meet tonight ?
Excuse me . I'd like to cash the traveler's check .
Which book ? Your cookbook ?
OK , go on .
Well he ' s more of a man than you are ; at least he appreciates love stories .
I'll show you how . The bar tenders know whose turn it is . And also , I can snap my fingers to catch his attention .
Oh , no ! Did you call the police ?
Hello , there . I'd like to know about Clean Collection . My company in the US is going to send me a cheque . It's for my wages , but I'm not too sure about how to cash it here .
I need it for the parking meter .
Goodbye . Thanks again .
She's demanding . But I like that . I mean , I know our timeline is tight .
1218 . we ' ll collect your luggage at nine o ' clock tomorrow . Would you then come to the front desk to get your storage receipt please ?
That doesn ' t sound too bad . Great for sunbathing ! The coast of my country changes even within a few kilometers . There are cliffs , then sandy beaches . Then rocks . There are lots of caves in the cliffs . There are also many small islands off the coast , but few people lives on them .
I told you that we want first-class goods . So the quality , specification and price are clarified in our contract . Do you remember those details ?
I just feel funny .
Oh , it hasn ' t been painted yet .
Do you have any other questions ?
That's quite steep . Can you come down a little bit ?
Thank you for your interest in our company .
I've already got a small pan . I need a big one .
We do not have the space in our warehouse to store over 5,000 units .
It should be under Leslie Smith . The number is 184796 A .
Do you think you will ever work at that company again ?
Well , I haven't been to the theater in a long time .
Oh ! I see . Can you show me the location of Block I ?
Oh , it ' s open . Thank you very much .
I'll bet he enjoyed his walk .
I will make it now .
Let me help you . OK , this is the one you want . Push this button to change the channel . We have 6 channels in all . Have a good day .
That will be great .
Ok , but what will you do if you want to check the size of the clothes ?
OK . Two tickets to London , please .
I love you . And I think you ' re awesome .
No , thank you . I have brought some .
That's amazing !
it's a total rip-off of an American reality show , but the imitation is unbearably clumsy .
Doctor Ruth's office , may I help you ?
What ' s your flight number ?
Could I check out this book ?
My name is Steven . What's your name ?
Really ? What could that be ?
And which child is this ?
I did experience a winter with snow in Kunming , the Spring City .
It's an undergraduate scholarship offered by the American Minority Students Scholarship Association . I'm eligible for it because I'm Asian American .
Good evening , can I get you a drink ?
We have the room color designed for our guest .
Yes . I overheard your mom and my mom talking in the grocery store .
Well , there's a lot of stress in a Chinese company also , although much of it is below the surface . I have confidence in my ability to handle conflict . If I have a problem with a co-worker , I do everything I can to work it out directly with that person . If I am unable to work it out , then I ask a supervisor to help out . If my boss shouts at me , I try not to take it personally . I try my best to understand the stress he is under . It's kind of like being in a family . Often family members say things in the heat of the moment , but don't mean what they say . A company is like a family , it has good times and bad times .
Excuse me , could you tell me whether there is a restaurant near here ?
I saw your ad in The New York Times . I am seriously considering one of the apartments listed in it .
He's prejudiced , isn't he ?
I noticed that too . What are the people learning ?
Yes , I do , very much .
the second one sounds rather difficult to answer . What did you tell her ?
It's time for you to wake up .
William told you that his grandmother is sick , huh ? What exactly did he say ?
Since it is low season , we are running a special rate right now of 150 yuan per night .
Yes , it looks perfect .
So you said you and Amanda met through a mutual friend . How did it happen ?
That's great . I'll wait . See you next weekend .
She's going to kill you .
No , I have never been told that I have high blood pressure .
Her line is through now , please go ahead .
You know . You ' re right . The bushes are covering the sign .
I maintain that the most important thing is having good friends . A person can't live all by himself . A friend in need is a friend indeed . So the more really close friends I have , the happier I am .
All right . In my first teaching position I received the Excellent Teaching award the past two years in succession .
It ' s quite large . It ' s about 40 square meters .
Let me see . Wash the cabbage over there .
Our rooms include television set , air-conditioning and a bathroom .
I trust you .
Excuse me , could you tell me how to get to the Cross Bakery building ?
I'd like to rent a safety deposit box here , please .
Today is September 28th , 2007 .
You know that is tempting but is really not good for our fitness .
Oh , right . Now I know why they would want to see our boy . It ' s hard to imagine the wonder ! Are they expecting a boy or a girl ?
That's enough for the kids . Get some drinks .
So how ' s everything going for Christmas ?
Last year we made a big snowman .
Yes . I ' ll have an ice tea . You ' ll see it next to the lemonade .
Busy with your work again ?
Your lease isn ' t up yet .
Am . No , I have an urgency to talk with him .
I have a Promissory Note , but it's not called that . It's a Bill of Exchange .
Here you are at last ! You're half an hour late , you know .
So how many people are coming for the dinner tonight ?
By air of course .
OK , let's have a try .
Is there any ticket left for tonight's concert ?
Mary , there's one more thing that you must do for me before you leave .
But he used to be very relaxed and cheerful . It's not like Harry to do a thing like that .
I've been really busy . How is everything ?
What's wrong with it ? It's filthy !
Look at this mountain bike . It is only  330 . Do you like it ?
If you don't mind , Mr . Smith , please go to counter number six to queue up and wait for the service .
Well , give me the Walkman . I'll listen to the music then .
Well , what do you like doing ?
Excuse me , but could I use your bathroom ?
That was just an accident . you are worried too much about it . I think the property management will check the elevator and improve their service from now on .
Yes , I have been thinking about it for quite a while . Now I finally make up my mind to leave . I have given my resignation letter to our boss last Friday .
What is it ? What happened ?
Bob , I'm really upset with you .
I'll come back to China tonight . I hope to see you again sometime .
Well . First you have to turn this switch on .
Oh , hey , Keri ! You cook , right ! You're a pretty good cook .
This pair fits me perfectly . I feel comfortable .
Excuse me , Mr . Macmillan ?
Maybe you should have placed them horizontally over your bowl or plate . They resemble two incense sticks used at sacrifices . It's very inauspicious , and might enrage all present .
I can check that for you right now . Would you mind holding ?
Thanks , sir . You too . Drive safely , I hear there ' s a lot ice on the roads .
Yes , please . I'll really appreciate that .
sounds great . Do they serve noodles ? I am in the mood for some tasty noodles as well .
You didn't do anything but sneeze this morning , and you can't do anything this afternoon like this . Gee ! You've got a fever .
just don't understand why we have to take the subway . Look at this place . It's modern enough . But it's far from lively .
Yes , sir . What's the matter ?
How do you plan to accomplish this ?
No , but Bean did send me like a hundred forwards today . My mailbox must have been overflowing .
I'd like to leave on Nov . 2nd and return on Nov . 21st .
That's good to hear .
Surely of course .
I think this one fits you . It's the new fashion style .
Pretty good . There was a bit of turbulence while we were over the Pacific Ocean but it wasn't too bad . The worst thing was the guy behind me . He snored all through the night !
Well , we could go to a movie . Have you see Shrek 2 ?
Fine , I ' ll bring both our office furniture and equipment catalogs on Thursday .
I was taught in high school how to draw and paint .
Don ' t you think it needs about a little taken off and talk to .
No , she's at school .
Jingshan consists of five individual peaks , and there lies an elaborate pavilion on the top of each peak . These pavilions were used for gathering and leisure time . These five peaks also draw the approximate historical axis of central Beijing .
I'm almost finished .
I think that's an excellent reason to like something .
The ice will soon be thick enough for skating . I am so fond of winter sports .
No , but that was a random change of subject .
I'm afraid not , sir .
It doesn ' t matter how much .
May's birthday is coming . Shall we buy her a birthday present or let her choose one for herself ?
Don't waste your money . Windsurfing is very hard . And it will be windy today . They will charge you fifty dollars for a half-hour , and you won't be able to windsurf . You will fall and fall and fall .
Wrong number .
Hi , Kenji .
Ok , you are really all eyes when it comes to talking about food , aren't you ?
I want to have a suit made to measure .
A dime is still a bargain , sir .
no . I used to have one though . Once I started using my bicycle to get around , I found that I didn't really need it .
I bought one size up by mistake .
I can't believe it .
Please open the letter of credit 15 to 30 days before the date of delivery so that we'll have enough time to make all the necessary arrangements . Another thing , the L / C should be valid until the 15th day after shipment .
Ok . Got it . Thanks for you help .
Would you like to have dinner with me tonight ?
What about the kitchen ?
Neither do I . I don't like any kind of modern dances all .
How much do you expect to earn ?
Yes , I think you have the same model as I have . Does your fax machine print out immediately a transmission protocol ?
Well , this is not quite the style I want . Have you any suit in fashion ?
Yeah , you remember that assignment I wanted ? When I heard the manager had given it to someone else , I blew my top . So the manager fired me .
oh , that suits you very well . Besides it is believed in China that the red color brings happiness and good luck .
Why ? What does she want to be ?
Yes . If I don ' t make it to Beijing tomorrow morning . my wife would kill me . How much does it cost ?
Our company enjoys a history of more than twenty years , we have wide connection with wholesalers and retailers all over the America , and we have good reputation in the commercial circle .
May I have some water , please ?
You are so thoughtful .
But if I have more than 55 pounds , what can I do ?
I lost all my lottery winnings playing the stock market .
These are French coats , sir . They are quite fashionable these days .
OK , I will .
Yes , please . I'm a little thirsty , actually .
How do you like waltz ?
One is 4 months and the other is years old .
Not too much . I've been pretty busy .
Yeah . They take the advantage of other people's hospitality and generosity .
Since the day before yesterday .
Hi . Can I help you with anything ?
I ' ll also set some cups and saucers for some coffee after dinner .
Could you give some information on your European tours ?
Where is that ?
So what are you doing for Thanksgiving ?
First we have the airline tickets , which are $ 500 per person ; with four of us going , that's t $ 2,000 . For our accommodations , we're spending $ 80 a night , per room , for five days . That's another $ 800 .
Otherwise the insurance company would no doubt have entertained your case .
( At the zoo ) Wow ! This zoo is really huge .
What should I bring with me ?
What do you think are the qualifications for being a doctor ?
No , why should I ? The Globe ' s help wanted section is the best .
Yes , do you have any flights to Sydney next Tuesday afternoon ?
Really ? Was it delicious ?
Who knows ! It's a long game . Look ! That was a really nice shot !
I really need more information about the job before we start to discuss salary . I'd like to postpone that decision until later .
Well , take care of yourself , and don't say I didn't warn you .
Nice to meet you .
You mean Lily ' s boyfriend ?
I don't know .. Well , maybe you are right , but how am I gonna tell her ?
Hello , Cindy . Congratulations ! I hear you ' re getting married .
Exactly ! Move your arms in a relaxed manner . Well . don't stretch yourfingers stiffly . Just keep them in a natural shape .
Cats are beautiful and lovely , aren ' t they ?
That's right . You don't drink coffee , do you ?
Do you also believe in Santa Claus and the Tooth Fairy ?
How long have you waited ?
How about Sunday then ?
I especially like the wonderful chicken dish .
Thank you . I never can find my way around this store .
See , I helped you out .
I guess it can't be helped .
That'll cost too much .
And do you really love her ?
But spoiling a child is not going to do him good either ! You ' Ve got to have patience with him and teach him . It ' s not easy , I know . It ' s hard .
How about afternoon ?
I'm so terribly sorry to keep you waiting .
Nothing much . What's new with you ?
I definitely want to meet with you , Mr . Parker . I just need to sort out my schedule .
Save it . If you want something to eat , then make it yourself .
I don ' t like the pointed toes . Let me take a look at what else you have . Too high . That one looks like the back would cut into my heel . I have a high instep so I doubt that one will fit properly . I don ' t want bows . I find slingbacks very uncomfortable . Those might as well be stilettos . Too modern . Ah , finally , this is what I ' m looking for .
Well , I'm afraid a little bit difficult for us to advanced the time of shipment . Our manufacturers are fully committed at the moment .
Phrases and sentence patterns are also very important . You should know how to use them .
I usually have cereal , but sometimes I cook a traditional English breakfast .
Ok ! We'll definitely go to visit your company .
Where do they come from ?
Thank you . But I ' m not interested .
Oh . I'm just going to take it easy .
Weren ' t you able to find anything less expensive ? We're sharing rooms , right ?
I feel like to wear my hair in this way .
One last question . Is there a dress code there ?
This is a small town , and we like to be neighborly . We know everyone who lives around here .
The car is beautiful , isn't it ? Come on inside and we'll discuss the price .
The chicken is also nice .
I am .
What do you plan on doing after you retire ?
We'll pick you up at your place at noon . Be there or be square !
You have a good point . She hasn't really ever been away from home for longer than a few hours .
I am looking forward to returning to this restaurant .
What hairstyle do you feel will look best on me ?
I think I have traits of both , actually . I look more like my mother .
Can you put me through to Mr . Lining ?
How nice of him ! I'll be delighted to go . But what time would be convenient ?
Excuse me , where can I find a guide ?
That works for me ! I will call you when I get into town to reconfirm .
Tell me a little bit about yourself , please .
Oh , David . Stop it ! I am a bit nervous ! What should I do if he doesn't call me ?
I've been really stressed . It's the end of the year and I've got so much stuff to do ! I feel like I'm drowning in work .
Don ' t worry , you did a good job and it should be fine .
Too bad . But , is there any other leather store nearby ?
No . It is Wang .
Well in total we have around 150 employees based in Hong Kong with another 400 in our head office in Beijing . The news desk staff in Hong Kong comprises around 80 staff .
Well , I really like being with her .
What's so special today ?
Very well , thank you , Mr . Parker .
It's correct . Is there any way I can change it back before I leave the country ?
I will see you tomorrow .
So , are you still going to have cereal ?
Yes , I've been thinking about visiting you . I hope to get some advice from you .
Hah , hah ! See ? I guessed right . You weren't watching the road at all .
Whatever we said , we must be more careful .
Oh , look at these two watches , aren't they lovely ?
OK . Can you give me a fragile label ?
Hello , there . I've just started using your net banking and I'm looking for some information about my Commission Fund .
OK . I will be right back with your desserts and drinks .
I ' m relieved to hear that . Anyway , it ' s my fault .
What are you talking about ? I have salads some times .
Don ' t you think she is a bit out of my way ?
What's the price of these mangoes ?
The documentary also pointed out that they are used by shepherds to round up sheep and by rescue workers to find people trapped under rubble or snow .
Of course not . You are allowed to attend any lecture , only if there are empty seats for you and you don't disturb the class . In universities , you study in a free and creative environment .
Yes , I think AC Milan's foot work is much better on the whole .
You must enjoy yourself .
I really don't like the winter . I wish it were summer .
When in Rome , do as the Romans do .
Yes . If she doesn't believe it , Christmas won't be so exciting to her .
That ' s really interesting , you have to play for me some time .
I would like to book a one way trip ticket .
That means you have to pay a membership fee to shop there . I have heard they have very good prices on electronics .
Fine , we'll be expecting you then .
Do you have a reservation ?
Any other facilities ?
Thank you , Mr . Johnson . May I ask you one more question ? When will your property become available ?
Yes . I'm sure he will . I'll take it .
If we let Vince and Elvin continue to run things , invoking is going to fail .
It all sounds so relaxing . I wish I could get away to the beach like that .
Wow ! Sure !
I want to lower my risk of heart attack and stroke , too .
Do you think this blouse really suits me ?
I know , but I was so upset . I mean , come on ! Does she have to do everything her boyfriend says ?
Yes . Then I noticed he was on the sidewalk behind me . He was following me .
I'm leaving on November 10th .
Is it drip-dry ?
Yes , but have you made an appointment ahead ?
I knew that already .
I park in the daytime .
Just me this time .
Good afternoon , Mr . Anderson .
Thank you ! I am glad to hear that . When would it be convenient for me to start working ?
Well , standard mail can take up to fifteen working days . Priority is a bit faster and will arrive in about five to eight working days . Express is the fastest , but it ' s also the most expensive . It only takes three days and you can track your package online .
She promised that we'd be ready to start tracking the Stars . com web site by the end of next week .
Stop talking like my mother . That's what she keeps saying .
It's a popular game with some people , but I've never played it .
Oath , I think I broke my leg .
People who have just got married feel that the world is right before them .
What are the disadvantages of on-line shopping ?
Yes . I thought it was excellent . Didn't you ?
I'm headed to Rockefeller Center .
But they are not as convenient as the subway .
that's not too far away . Do you think I'll get a visa ?
I want to lose some weight !
So what do you think it is ?
That trend has already begun in my country . In particular , there ' s a big demand for people to work in fitness centers . Which kinds of jobs are less in demand ?
I see , but how do you pay for it ? How do you know you aren ' t going to be ripped off by the seller ?
Arriving the 25th of September and leaving on the 28th ? Three nights ?
Well , I guess you don't want this note , then .
How is your computer skill ?
I think we ' ll be better off if we are apart .
Though I like Chinese literature very much , I'm also interested in economics . It's a tough choice to make .
that cake tasted so good ! It disappeared within minutes , so I think everyone liked it a lot . How ' s that stain ?
How do I get there from here ?
No , I'll go by myself , thanks .
He should be back in ten minutes . Could 1 you call back later ?
Would you like some more ?
We can certainly give you faster turnaround , but it will cost you extra .
We agreed that the deadline was next Friday .
Yes , please . That is very kind of you .
How many credits are you taking this semester ?
And what's more , when he told me he had caught a cold for several days , I suggested him to go to the hospital as soon as possible .
All my children are agile .
Well , I hope it all works out , John . I think if you're part of the team , things will go well . But you know we'd all miss you here . So I won't say I'm happy to think that you're leaving .
Oh . my god . But I have to be there on Sunday . I want to go on stand-by .
How about overtime work ?
What are your hours on Saturday ?
I'd like to check out .
No ! I have been expecting this moment for a long time . I mean my answer is ' yes ' .
No . I listened to records and studied , what did you do yesterday , Donald ?
How Ay clients do you have already ?
Do you have any plans ?
We are ready to help you .
There's a gym nearby ? That's exciting ! I really want to start to go to gym as soon as possible . I've been lazy this summer holiday and have put on some weight .
How's business ?
You're right , sir . Your whole day is still ahead of you .
You guessed right . Besides , the color violet is a little girly for me ...
let me just grab your file . How long have you worked for us now ?
Please let me check ... Tomorrow afternoon ... Yes , he'll be free from 3:00 tomorrow afternoon . Do you think it's convenient for you ?
Shut up !
That's too much for us really .
What words ? Can you tell me ?
Is it really necessary to wear all this protective gear ?
I don't think you really want to hear about it .
Yes . He ' s never said anything so I never told him . But now that he ' s getting older ...
Really ? How could you do that ? Don't you save every couple minutes ?
Are you sure you can do well this year ?
He's there .
I live in an apartment downtown .
I don't think we can make it .
Yes . It ' s easy and convenient to use a computer . But it takes a long time to really master it .
Do you know what it was according to the lunar calendar ?
It includes everything except cable TV , and telephone .
R :: Good morning . Room Reservations . May I help you ?
Slow down and tell me your address .
I ' m not sure about that . We still have many wars in the world . I think that the idea behind the Olympics is a good one , but the reality is that during the Olympics countries compete . There ' s no real spirit of cooperation and people are usually not very friendly to each other .
Are you going anywhere ?
Maybe it's because Susan's parents are both painters .
you have good fashion sense , Karen .
I don't think I can manage this morning . I wonder if we could after the time of meeting to tomorrow afternoon .
Great . They've all got built-in TVs .
What are the temperatures in winter ? In my city it is about 15 or 20 degrees .
Did you need help finding anything else ?
Shoes ? You already have a closet full of shoes .
Yes . My country is certainly expanding in the service and hi-tech sectors , but contracting in the heavy industry and primary industry sectors . However , our car and aircraft manufacturers are doing very well .
Sure . Here is the mirror .
Sorry , we don't . But I think you can fly on Northwest Airlines to Berlin and then have a connecting flight on Canada Airline to Toronto . And it is the most economical flight , just 1,900 dollars .
Looks like it . You need to drink a lot of water and take a good rest .
Okay , I will try it on .
When , exactly do you need to leave ?
Yes , it's perfect .
Well , If you live in other as long enough you love them just as much .
Oh , yes , I have . I worked part-time as a typewriter in a computer company when I was at college .
Yes , welcome to our company . I hope we can cooperate happily .
Have you switched on the radiator ?
Oh , you ' re not listening to me .
Oh , that means I can do whatever I like without few interruptions .
Doris , I'm glad you're home . I'm terrified . I don't know what to do !
No , thanks . I'm not in the mood for traveling .
Very well .
Maybe I'll cook once or twice a week . How is that ?
This small town has many serious problems .
I've been at this for two weeks now and nothing ' s turned up .
Don't you dare tell me that ...
What happened , Peter ? Did you have a fight ?
Someone will be out to take a look any minute now .
No , he just stole all of my things .
OK ! Before that I'll take this one as you .
Some people say that history repeats itself .
What section does it have ?
Good luck and let me know if you need any help later on .
You're right . I should talk to him . Sometimes , it's not easy being a parent . Thanks . It helps to get it off my chest . You're always so easy to talk to .
Have you worked anywhere else before ?
I see . Is the telephone on the table good for outside calls ?
I knew you'd come around ...
Pure gold or carats ?
Well , all the drinks including beer are free of charge .
It was founded in 2002 , has been in business for 10 years .
It sounds nice , but don't forget this is a seedy , run-down neighborhood .
In what business are you most interested in this organization ?
Yes . Nice to meet you !
Robin , what are you going to do tomorrow ?
How is your business going ?
Hey , that coffee shop's lights are still on .
Sure , anything else ?
We finally get a chance to meet .
Canada is north of here .
Well , I want 1,000 yuan in traveler's checks and the rest in cash .
oh , you have too wild of an imagination .
It seems that folks like my father and your grandmother are determined to be on their own .
The kids said that they wanted to go to a party at the hotel . There ' s a special one just for kids .
I don ' t have one time in particular . I just go to sleep whenever I feel tired .
Are you more of a follower or a leader ?
Hello ! What are you reading about in the newspaper ?
Let's go to watch an NBA game tonight , shall we ?
What sport are you good at ?
Yes , I have several copies , but they're all different versions ... The latest I have is version 12 , is that current ?
What happened yesterday ? You forgot our date , didn ' t you ?
I need something to eat , please .
Oh , the packing looks very nice .
I think so . I won't forget anything important . As long as I have my passport , VISA card and airline ticket . It will be OK .
I don't care about any of that .
it's a PC . doesn't everyone have a PC in this office ?
I really appreciate your time and help . See you then .
We went to Europe .
Oh , no ! Now I'll be late .
Of course . I stay online for four hours at least every day .
That's too bad . So , what did you ask for Christmas this year ?
Yes , it would be my first trip overseas . Actually , it's going to be my first time leaving the country .
morning , Mr . Winthrop . This is Sally Parker , Mr . Emory ' s secretary . Mr . Emory has asked me to set up a meeting with you .
Yes , sure . To be honest , nobody would like to work overtime . However , we have to if it is necessary for our company . I would do that if it is the call of duty .
It depends on your height and body type .
I've been to Salt Lake City a few times . I really like your city .
I know , I know . Have you got a portable radio ? You can listen to the news and get healthy at the same time .
Not bad . But too hot for me today .
Yes , but I am out of food and milk .
Do you need a hand with that ?
Sure . But it is too cold today . I have to put on warm clothes and look stupid .
All right . Here are our F . O . B . price lists . All the prices are subject to our final confirmation .
It would be good if you could get them to me by Thursday afternoon , Ms . Barkley .
Oh , that's my great , great , great , great , great , great , great grandfather .
Really ? Where did you hear that ?
So the reform can not be carried out well .
Do you know anyone who ' s had plastic surgery ?
Shall I make out a receipt ?
You didn't come to work yesterday . What happened ?
First National Bank .
It might be the English teacher . What about you ?
What kind of job are you interested in ?
I want to check out today . My plane leaves at 3 p . m .
I once helped out with costumes , but I didn't enjoy it very much .
All I make is oatmeal , toast , and some orange juice .
OK . I ' ll have them . Is there any soup ?
When will I know your decision ?
We still have to do about ten more .
Hello , I need a wake-up call tomorrow morning .
Well , here there are many different clubs you can get into , for free , you don't have to pay , some of them . In London it's really expensive for drinks and an entry fee .
If you can choose , will you marry a foreigner or a Chinese ?
Well , if you don't have any questions , shall we get started ? If you'll follow me , first I'll take you to the site of our semi-conductor system ...
Is the Chinese team taking the lead ?
Have you ?
Nine ... but I'll be ten on May 1st . When is your birthday ?
You really have talent . How did you learn to do this ?
What things am I allowed to check out ?
Yes , I know that . So I want him to have a good VCR to use .
Yes , I am , but I think it ' s time for some plastic surgery I ' m tired of these wrinkles and sagging skin . See ?
If you have any good jobs , keep an eye for me !
Good afternoon , madam . Can I help you ?
Well OK , I am just afraid of getting food poisoning .
Hi , Kathy ! I'm just doing my morning yoga ! You're up awfully early today .
Hmmm . Not good . They ' re too tight . The length is right , but the shoe is too narrow and it ' s pinching my toes . And there ' d be no room for my insoles . You know what ? I don ' t think I have the patience fo
I know . I have to prepare the supper for the whole family before I leave .
Well , Vincent has only been CEO for a couple of years and ... well ... um ...
No , it's D408 , my parking space . I have already paid for it .
Evan , are you busy right now ?
Yes , and then other qualitative factors , such as the transparency of your business operations , your credibility and the integrity of your management .
This is a good opportunity .
Trust me . Everything will go well .
What's for dinner tonight ?
I can ' t take that .
In South America , the most common language is Spanish and Portuguese .
Yes , it does . Does he go to school by bus ?
Really ? Dad , how do you know how to plant organic vegetable ?
I won ' t be able to fix the pipe until tomorrow .
No way . Look . That's what the meter says .
I was wondering if you'd let me stay here for a few days .
Your appetite is good .
Oh , it seems that I'm the only one who never blogs . When did you get started ?
did you tell him ?
By the way , what's the rate for a single room ?
Can you tell her I'm waiting to speak to her ?
No . Is there any direct flight to New York ?
That's fine . What salary do you get at your present position ?
That ' s a good idea if you can find employment nearby .
All right . I'll tell him when he comes back .
do you know what kind of scent she usually wears ?
906 Ottawa street . My name is David Yang . My phone number is 713-786-0234 .
yes . Isn't the director of that movie the same guy who directed Shaun of the Dead ?
Oh , that's all right .
I hope so . But I'm always caught short .
Do you have any blue shirts ?
Very well . What about you ?
On the contrary , I think he's very serious .
no , but we're trying to contact them .
Be sure to get to the sports hall at nine o'clock on Sunday morning .
Why don't you walk ? It's only about 20 minutes walking and it's a nice evening .
it looks good on the outside , but the inside is a different story . It needs a lot of servicing before it can go out on the roads again .
What time would you like the reservation for ?
I'm all done now .
Er , let me see . Oh , look , you're right here . Pretty close to the Olympic Park .
I see . What is it exactly that you are interested in ?
Are you almost finished with my hair ?
She was a very controversial leader . Are we going to visit the famous tower of London later ?
Also , Mr . Johnson , I would like to remind you my company will charge a commission equivalent to one percent of the transaction price in the event of a successful selling of the property through our introduction .
Did you have to take a medical before you could take out the police ?
Yes , I do . If you ask around , other people will tell you the same thing .
I'll work hard .
I don't believe it .
can't you hang out with them , too ?
I am not the person who committed that crime .
Oh , I'm very responsible , I can make fast decisions , and I do not need much supervision . I enjoy completing challenging tasks .
Well , most of my time here was pleasant . And New York itself is fantastic .
Someone told Joe off .
I really like Japanese or Thai food .
Are you ready to leave ?
Of course ! Will you ?
Are you telling me you're not going to meet with me ?
By the way , do you know that our company just made some changes in the business trip policy ?
When's the first stop ?
I'm still feeling under the weather .
That is a very quick meal to make .
Sorry , sir . I came late because I had to send for the doctor for my grandfather .
How would you like this order shipped ?
If there really was a stop sign , I couldn't see it because of the overgrown bushes .
I hear that he's quitting .
what I have to give you a hospital for an ex-treat .
It's really cold . It snowed all day and the school closed early .
Come in , young man .
Seldom . But I hate someone's frequently being late or lazy .
Right . Trains No . 13 and No . 14 are the best trains on the line between Beijing and Shanghai . Which seats do you prefer , cushioned seats , ordinary seats , cushioned berth , or ordinary berth ?
They killed another hostage .
That is all right . Maybe we can make another arrangement .
The reason is that he once was bitten by a dog .
did it come out ?
I'm sure you're ready .
It's the gradual rise in the earth's temperature .
We cannot expect a man like him to speak the truth .
All right ! Thank you .
No I'm not ready yet . I still have to brush my teeth and wash my face . Can you wait for a few minutes ?
On the contrary ! It really refreshes you and gets you ready to attack the day .
We have Italian , French , thousand island and blue cheese .
Good heavens ! Don't bring that frog in the house .
I backed into it while I was trying to get into the parking lot .
Let's go and get some cookies . I am hungry now .
Would you be able to reserve it for me ?
I'm sorry , but I have an appointment this evening . How about tomorrow evening ?
Good morning . I would like to make a reservation to Hong Kong for August 2 .
I'm going to England by flight B . E . 987 .
Exactly . He is unbelievable .
Oh , I'm very lucky that my wife let me take a heavy overcoat .
Is breakfast served here ?
I know . But I'd like to try . Look , here are some advertisements that I've cut out .
You did ? Do tell me . I've spent all these months trying to learn something new about it , but I've made little progress !
My laptop , do you see it ?
All you have to do now is vote .
Yes , but this will be my first time voting .
Well , give me a call if you can ' t make it for some reason .
Where shall I put it , miss ?
Two cars forward .
How long does it take to cook meat on the barbecue ?
How's it ?
We'll have our own Secure Internet Banking Service . What it is , is a sort of online financial service for enterprises and individuals , so you could get it . It's for doing all types of e-business .
Hi , Craig ! How are you ?
Annie , you also know the ' new age people ' . I think these people must have undergone much sufferings of flesh in order to ride skillfully .
Sorry , sir . We accept cash only .
I came back to my room and found my suitcase was open and my camera and five hundred dollars in cash inside the wallet were gone .
No . We took a wrong turn somewhere . And Joseph doesn't know the town at all . So I started giving him directions . But I didn't really know where we were . So we got seriously lost .
That ' s right . But I have bothered him several times .
I have lived in Taichung for two years now . So this is the second time I am going back to states . I go back once a year to visit my family .
The shows are dull and they ' re too many advertisements .
Good plan . Let me put some iodine on the cut .
Your typing and stenography are pretty good . Would you be interested in applying for the job ?
At seven thirty pm , Longing Chinese restaurant . And I'll go to your home and pick you up at 7 .
We'd like to have western food today . Could you tell us something about it ?
Shut up ! Now you are in my car , you should listen to me . Or you can get off . I've told you I'm in a hurry . I don't want to waste time on the road .
Of course .
Yeah , we should have more roads built .
Sure , you can , but you ' ll be charged for $ 10 .
Of course . First of all , she must have a strong sense of responsibility .
When would you like me to send those plans over to your office , Mr . Montgomery ?
She studies English .
Anytime after six will be fine .
Honey , we are all out of wine and cheese . Do you mind running to the deli and picking up a few things ?
What are you going to look for ?
I think that would be horrible !
That's terrible ! So you didn't get any sleep ?
He does , he started five years ago and now ends up the richest among us .
Let me see . Yes , that one still has seats available . Would you like me to reserve a seat for you ?
It ' s really not necessary . I know your intention was good .
Print shop . Seam speaking .
Not bad . There ' s a new English teacher .
Well , I prefer filet , but porterhouse is good , too .
Well , Mark Smith , who was the first president , founded the company in Ottawa in 1955 . It has 1 . 5 billion dollars in capital . it employs 8,000 people , and it is the largest company in its field in Canada .
That is one option , Madam . If your are travelling to either Hong Kong or Macau we are permitted to exchange up to 1,000 USD for you .
I'm sorry to hear that . Did you check your shoulder bag carefully ?
Yes , it is . You also have free use of the leisure facilities here .
Yes . Fortunately , an ambulance passed in the nick of time , and we got him away to hospital .
Look ! There are playing The Matrix today .
So , this is the worst story I ' Ve heard this month . You have my real sympathy , Tim .
I'm sorry . All the appointments are filled .
Yeah . But why don ' t you come by your office tomorrow to sign the lease ?
Can I take a shower ?
I don ' t mind if you want to .
It's very nice , I like it very much .
Pretty well , I guess .
The same to you .
Have you ever dated a girl taller than you ?
Of course , you can . Wait a moment .
Happy Thanksgiving !
Let's all go together then .
We have this new model in red , white , black , or silver . These are the standard colors . Of course you could specially order from various other colors too .
These drawings on the wall are process sheets .
I am trying to see if I can afford to purchase a home that I wish to buy .
Basically , what I need from you now is your driver ' s license or some ID that shows your residency status .
Can we add up this item to the agreement ?
We put 500 into the savings account and 750 into our stock account .
I'm not sure .
I want to tell you that I like you
Sounds easy . But how can I apply to practice ? I am thinking about applying for more reimbursement for my mobile bill . But I am afraid our boss will turn me down .
Excuse me . Miss , what does the doctor say about me ? When can I be discharged ?
That ' s a really long line . How long do you think it ' ll take to get through all those people ?
I'll take your word for it .
Yeah ! But French is not easy to learn .
Let me see . It's a one day tour .
You'll have to attend a three-week course . If you do well , the job is yours .
Hi ! Do you know what's for dinner ? I'm starving !
Wow . I feel sorry for the Mexicans . But it's good for us .
Sure . What are they ?
Just relax . That's because you're new to chat . Let me take a look .
Can you tell me the time ?
Some relative documents will be needed and the fee may be quite dear . So you need to learn more about the process and regulations about this issue .
Mr . Chandler , this way please . I will show you a five-minute multivision about the history of our company .
I ' ll say . I knew Sally would finally show her true colors . When she got her final test results back from Mr . Leo , she started yelling at him . You should have heard her . I ' Ve never seen anyone get so upset before . To make a long story short , it seems that Mr . Leo failed her because he caught her cheating .
Sir , you can come downstairs right now to the computer lab .
Okay , I ' ll take it .
It is serious .
When ? I saw him well last month .
I love anything with chocolate the best .
What about the Yellowstone National Park ?
I don't have it .
Hi , I need to talk with the property manager right away !
Oh , about 6:00 . Will that be OK ?
Can you tell something about the preparation for the register ?
Sure our thing .
What sign ?
But Peter and Tony put all their paper in the basket a few moments ago . Now it's full .
Thank you for your directions . It's clear .
Now where should I pay the money ?
I ' Ve got a new boss .
It ' s a story about a policemen who is investigating a series of strange murders . I play the part of the detective . He has to catch the killer , but there ' s very little evidence . It ' s a psychological thriller with some frightening scenes , but I hope audience won ' t be too scared to go to the movie theatres !
Yes , I get it . Will the medical plan cover me while on duty ?
What ' s more , he said I was the hardest working person in the office !
5 days . From Feb . 13 to 18 .
He must be courageous enough to fly in the face of established authorities .
You know what they say'a friend to all is a friend to none ' . I don ' t feel like I really know any of my friends . In fact , I should probably call them acquaintances , not friends .
I like to apologize for the problem . Please come down with your receipt and sweater to exchange it for the size you want .
I'd like to see the menu , please .
What are you going to do tomorrow ?
I would like for you to not be late for school .
I wonder if I could possibly borrow two bikes from the shop tomorrow ? I ' ll take actual care of them . I promise you .
Sterlet . It's spelt 0 , S , T , E , R , L , E , Y .
Yes , but look at it this way , getting rid of the carts probably gives more work to local people , which is a good thing , right ?
I want to buy a ticket to Sydney tomorrow .
Step up onto the rail . Hold on . Keep your eyes closed . Trust me ?
Overwork-amongst other things . You can't work 24 hours a day . You ' Ve got to slow down .
As long as you have all of the documentation we require you have nothing to worry about .
I ' m Chen Ming .
What dose she look like ?
Oh good we are almost there . The museum is round the corner from the Post Office .
I need some info on car loans . Such as payment periods , interest rates , things like that , please .
Does it happen often ?
What do you do for a living ?
I've got a sore throat , a runny nose and a headache .
That's good ! Just make sure to bathe them later .
Let's see if we can reach some sort of agreement over your curfew .
I don't understand why you would do that .
That ' s right , Ms . Bower . How are you ? I ' m not sure if I ' ll be able to fit you in this week , I ' m afraid .
He deserved it .
Ok , I don ' t want a mouse in our house . We have the tidiest house in the town .
Haven't you ever seen him working late ?
Good . Sorry to have troubled you so much , Miss .
Yeah , try not to kick or hit the computer !
I don ' t see any problem ; only the car is a bit old .
We have a holiday next week , don't we ?
I'm not sure yet . Is there something you want to see ?
We give you quotations on the same basis as we quote in the domestic market .
Time is flying . I still remember everything when he was a child .
Hold on , please . Yes . you ' re booked on ZN741 to Atlanta on July 18th . Your seats are in the first class section .
Ok , I'll meet you at the club at two thirty .
Yes , corrugated cardboard boxes .
Also , are they allowing the apartment ?
Give me 10 yuan , your ID card and a photo of you please .
Have you ever climbed the mountain before ?
Well , it is sweet and sour fried Mandarin fish .
do you think that there's life on other planets ?
That's true . Her husband is a fat cat .
No , I'm sorry I don't . I never read the papers till I get home .
Yeah , I think so .
Oh , no .
Right now , I think I need to really focus on matters at home , but thanks for a nice evening .
Oh , I see . I like to do those tests , too , but I don ' t take them seriously .
Do you ever meditate or read before bedtime ?
Yes , great . I am happy you are coming .
I want my money back for the delivery .
The headlines are all about the presidential election in the united states . Few other stories made the front pages .
If I were you , I ' d buy that now while it ' s on sale . If you spend $ 100 , you get a $ 50 voucher for more clothes .
Waiter ! May I see you for while ?
That ' s true . There ' s clear evidence that people who listen to lively music are lively people . Music can influence a person ' s feeling and character .
Um ... Hello , I would like to open an account .
You've been always active and versatile . It seems that you are interested in everything .
No , but I do like jade bracelets .
I am sorry . That table has been booked .
That's a long time .
No , but is it possible for me to add channels later ?
I want a refund !
That ' s good . Is the location easily accessible ?
Well , I think you should go for our manger . I will call him here .
Hello , stewardess . Could you bring me a blanket ? I feel so cold .
Just go through the number eight to ticket barrier over there . A train will be in directly .
Yes , table etiquette . There are a multitude of rules that foreigners might never know until they were told . Some practices even appear somewhat awkward or rude to Westerners , while they are the norm in China . Hey , your chopsticks , old silly ! You should not stab them vertically into the rice bow !
I don't know . Wait . Is this yours ?
You would need to speak to Ms . Stevens .
Just whose fault is this damage ?
I strongly urge you to change your diet . You shouldn't eat too many desserts .
Last week , I tried to buy some books online , but I didn't know how to pay for them ?
Well , I've already got a job waiting for me back in my hometown .
What did happen ?
Is there anything else I can do for you ?
I ' m a large .
I am having an exam at nine , It's already eight thirty .
Then I will take your picture for your passport .
I wish I could find one just like it .
Yes , I will check you for asthma , and maybe we can check you for allergies later .
Disco is my favorite . I like it better than any other dances because it can release one's pent-up feelings , and is a healthy exercise . But I don't do the rock and roll and the break dance .
I like that Kenmore refrigerator .
It's kind of a big favor . I'm absolutely flat broke , and I owe my landlady $ 200 . she's given me until Friday to give it to her , but I don't get paid until next Monday . Do you think you could loan me some cash until I get paid ?
Sounds as if you come from a professional family .
That sounds fine to me .
Albert and I need a lot of things to furnish our house . But I don't know where the best place to shop is . Can you give me some advice ?
Paul , you were also a parent of young kids before . So , can you tell me what you did when your kids didn ' t behave very well ?
Yes . At first sight .
But it's true . It's a nasty habit . I can't think why I ever started . Anyway , it's obviously got you in its grip !
You should really drink water .
Good . Anything else ?
That's right . You should give it up , too . It's bad for your health .
Yes . Who are you looking for again ?
I don't know . Let me look on the rack . Here is one . LARGE . Try it on .
Plumbing work requires mathematics knowledge , and creativity . I love this job .
That is a bank . The coffee shop is opposite the bank .
Have you any idea of the prices of ruby and diamond ?
Sometimes , if there's music playing .
What time's your flight ?
Hello , this is Peter Dixon from NEZ news radio . May I speak to Mr . Wilson please ?
He will be back at about seven o'clock .
It's been a full two years since we last saw each other .
Oh , hi , Mary , what can I do for you ?
London is such a historical city ! There ' s history everywhere you look . There ' s nelson ' s column , built as a monument to one of the Britain ' s great admirals and his important victory . He won the battle of Trafalgar in 1805 .
Well , he made quite a few mistakes on the monthly report and when his supervisor found them , my manager blamed them on me !
You're new at this , huh ?
I am , sir .
Oh I see . That ' s nice . Did you meet your husband at work ?
Well , that's too expensive . I can't afford that .
I ' ll stand in with you if you like . I ' Ve got nothing else to do .
We'll have to discuss it with my boss .
Definitely , but if you had to pinpoint one weakness what would it be ?
Are apartments expensive in this city ?
In my opinion , you have to go to the university every day , and the fare would cost you most of your living expenses if you live here far away from the university .
I thought you had grown out of such child practices .
Yeah , I know that . But at those places . the prices they ask you are ridiculously high , and if you don't bargain hard , you will get ripped-off .
Isn't that dangerous though ? I mean bacteria and germs reproducing on food that was left out or re-heated ?
No , Rick is actually my great uncle , so he is my grandmother's brother .
Yes . Which one is the latest ?
Seeing as they were late , that won't be a problem .
What about my rights ?
It's hard to say . But I do love waltz very much .
I feel much better , but I'm still worried about something .
Here is my member card . Can I have someone carry those bags to my car ?
Well , first they exfoliate my face , getting rid of all the dead skin . Then I get a face mask with nutrients that keep my skin healthy and young . Afterwards , they apply some moisturizer and you leave feeling like a million bucks .
Oh , i am grateful for my mother on this point . her idea of healthy eating helps me a lot keeping fit .
Does it always close at six ?
I bet you that she regrets what she's done . You are such a good catch ! She really lost out , didn't she ?
Umm . yeah ! Right ! I got the car started ! Thanks for your help ! I told you to fill the tank !
Shall we go for a drive today ?
Why ? We can leave school earlier that day .
Yes . I wanna know where I can get on the bus going downtown .
Have you had any publications ?
It's like this . There are only one or two ships sailing a month from New York to Osaka , while sailings from Hong Kong are quite frequent . If shipment were effected from Hong Kong , we could receive the goods much earlier .
Well , I think maybe I should find a house that is closer to where I work .
What's the occasion ? You won the lottery ?
I ' m not sure , but probably about 75 years . How about in your country ?
A haircut and a shave , please .
Excuse me , sir , could you please tell me the way to Aidan Bookstore ?
Let's go . We'd better buy the tickets earlier and have dinner in restaurant .
Yes , I will . Thanks for your care .
It's been a long time , hasn't it ? How are you ?
It's a quarter to eight . I'm going to work .
No hurry ! I'II tell you now , The collections include ancient cases and caskets , tea sets , abacuses , precious sea shells and conches , drama costumes , agates , ancient coins , fans , mini-musical instruments , root-carving , rare stones and rocks , model ships , model cars ...
Great idea ! As long as I don't get food poisoning ! So what is on the menu tonight ?
You did a good job for the company . So , this is your first day in the new position . How do you feel ?
But what if I don't win what I bid on ?
120 British pounds . But there are still three days left in the auction . If you want it , you'll have to bid . Do you have the guts ?
There's just one catch . Zina asked me to let you know .
You never guess she is going to have a baby .
She has keen to buy something which is much cheaper .
Did they go with the proposed counter-offer ?
All right , I'll walk to the village and I'll get some meat .
What size pan were you thinking of ?
I'm ready .
Yeah , I have the same feeling . Also there is another thing that bothers me the quality . Things in a department store are usually quality-guaranteed . But at a wholesale market , you never know whether what you are buying are of good quality or not .
Well thank you ! In that case , I am 26 years old , and what about yourself ?
Well , I see . How to use the other one ?
All she has to do is open the box and follow the instructions .
It should take at least 20 minutes to get there . Are there any shuttle buses running place to place around the whole zoo ?
That's $ 20 in all .
Yes , I ' d like to do that .
Not really . I like looking on the internet at what ' s available , but I usually prefer to actually see and touch what I ' m buying before I pay for it . Sometimes , I ' ll look at something in a shop , but later buy it online if it ' s cheaper . You don ' t like buying things online , do you ?
Are you going to make an offer today ?
Good morning , sir . Have a seat please .
It wouldn't be considered rude behavior if he doesn't even take a single drop . But he'd better receive the teacup with both hands and bow his thanks when the cup is brought before his face . When the host pours hot water into his cup , he may also choose to tap his index finger on the table , meaning " Thanks " . No matter if he likes it or not , it is impolite if he doesn't even lay a finger on the cup .
Thank you . I am glad that you are enjoying it .
I think so . I bought some paper plates and cups for people to use . It will save on the washing up .
Just throw them away !
No . thanks . I'm full .
That's Madame Psychic to you .
And a Roman really Ioves life . Eye knows how to enjoy himself .
Sure , When is good time for you ?
It's said you will go abroad to pursue your graduate studies .
What shall I do with the receipt ?
My aunt Mary just flew in from Cleveland and she laid one right on my right cheek .
I only go skiing twice a year , so it's a real treat for me .
Pleased to meet you , too , Shirley . So , what do you do ?
Irrevocable letter of credit , of course . It's the normal terms of payment in international business .
Excellent Cleaner ' s . May I help you ?
Okay . I'll do it if you're positive that this is what you want .
No , right here in the parking lot . It was parked right here in your space . The left rearview mirror was smashed .
No . But if something goes wrong with it , I know someone who repairs these things .
If so , I'd better try another store .
I know that 15 % is a normal tip , but I really thought that this waitress went out of her way for us . What do you think about tipping her 20 % ?
Here is $ 150 . Keep the change .
Really , because spicy food is my favorite .
No , why ?
I understand completely . There are other options , such as a Personal Pledge Loan .
that's the one . It's an actioncomedy . What do you think ?
Out of those what is your favorite ?
Well , let's order one for starters .
Let me look . What do you need ?
Get your hair done at a good hair saloon . Tell them you are going for a job interview .
if you know any of their friends . You can ' t rely on your friends to introduce people to you all the time . You have to go out and make the first move sometimes . I also like funny people .
Who ' s Peter ?
No . The Hills ? Who filed for divorce first ?
OK , shrimp rolls . Do you want anything else ?
Yeah but , it is something that you will have forever ! They use indelible ink that can only be removed with laser treatment . On top of all that , I have heard it hurts a lot !
How much is a one-way ticket ?
What's that book you have under your arm ?
Brooke !
That's right , even though I did set the alarm last night .
So , if the cause is poverty , there should be a program to make the country richer . If the problem is resources , share them .
No idea .
That's great . Give me the landscape of the Triumphal for the background .
You might consider listening to relaxing music as you go to sleep to clear your head .
Actually , I know a great restaurant in Dongcheng .
All right , all right . He'll get them as soon as possible .
Can you give me some medicine ? It's very painful .
Don't mention it . I lost a bunch of money on it this year . I think it is on the brink of bankruptcy .
Yeah well it ' s about time ! He ' s been living with his parents for 40 years !
Could you give more detail information about some of the industries you just mentioned ?
Yes , let's go .
All right . I know a great restaurant near here . But , it's a little expensive and I don't have much money with me .
I had introduced an advanced product line , which increased the output and lessened the cost .
Oh , he's fine . Kids seem to grow up very quickly nowadays .
Let me key in your information into my computer . I will pull up our records for you . Do you have an order number ? What name is the order listed under ?
Six are compulsory , two optional .
Are you still interested in it ?
Let's write it at once .
Oh don ' t worry , sweetie , I didn ' t know when you were going to propose . It was still a nice surprise ! As I was saying , I ' Ve got it all planned out . There ' s almost nothing left to do ! I wrote up our guest list and we will have roughly four hundred guests attending .
The total is 200 dollars . Would you like to put that on Sears card ?
I see . We offer Personal Housing Loans , or mortgages , at a rate of 0 . 42 % per month .
If I were Li Na , I would ask her if she had done that .
That's a lot . What did you bring with you ?
What dialect do you understand ?
It seems to be . How about you today ?
Which do you prefer , the linen one , the figured dacron or the brocade ?
You certainly need that . You always pump the volume up way too high .
Are you sure this is the right restaurant .
Ok , please wait a minute . Can I have my food packaged ?
Not only that . The job I ' m doing now is the most boring job you can imagine .
Let's get a soft drink .
Without traffic , it takes about an hour .
The salary will be deposited into the bank on the 15th every month . Your salary will be raised every year in October , depending on your performance evaluation . you can get a bonus once a year . and it's normally in December .
So where should we go ?
I know . I'll get over him . My first break up was painful because I was naive .
Everything is great , Tad . How are you ?
Yeah , we were classmates when I was in university .
It's your fault for mixing the two broths !
What about jeans ? It's the fashion now .
Ok , I understand . But why you choose us to work for ?
You ' re right . We will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey , because we will be in built-up area .
Are we going to have dinner tonight ?
Is your turn , Sir . I ' m sorry that you have to wait . Saturday is busy day for us .
Autumn is also very nice in Washington .
I want the best one .
Well ... actually ... I was thinking about asking Jess to marry me ... I ' Ve just been so nervous .
She freelanced with us for 3 years . She was always consistent and punctual with her assignments and a pleasure to work with .
Please feel free to stay as long as you want . You know you ' re always welcome here .
Out of sight , out of mind .
You should read the book . The original story is much better and has a different twist at the end .
What are coupons ?
So the apartment comes unfurnished ?
do you make a lot of traditional British food ?
what ' s the cheapest way to go there ?
The supply outstrips the demand in the job market and women are in a disadvantageous position as a whole .
Oh , all right . I need some new shirts , too . Let ' s go after breakfast .
I see . Look , do you know what that emblem means ? I've seen it so many times , but I don't know what it stands for .
That's good . I'll tell them later . And what kind of medicine we should be prepared ?
Mom , my nose is bleeding .
Great . I have also been thinking of getting one . Do you think you could ask Jane to have a quiet word with Margaret ? My birthday is not that far away .
Wow ! That car almost hit me .
But you look quite proficient in using them now .
Aha , it's cool now . Can I keep the robot ?
Can you tell me what the unit price of such carpet is ?
Let's call it a deal . Hope to see you again soon . Keep in touch then . Byebye .
But they can see my resume . It's all in there .
Catch it , Yi-jun ! Run to the ball ! Uh-oh ! Slow down , you're going to hit ...
You know , just giving me lots to do . I'm really busy right now .
Hello everyone ! I ' m Rick Fields , and here with me is Bob Copeland .
Well in the meantime you are a biohazard ! I didn ' t get it when I was a kid and I ' Ve heard that you can even die if you get it as an adult !
I see , may I ask what the occasion is ?
It ' me . Susan Taylor
But it doesn't have all the modern convenience offered by the city .
I know I should , but that place isn't very convenient . You have to wait for a long time .
I don ' t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday .
Hello , Friendship Hotel . How can I help you ?
Did you join in any club activities ?
Why not ? If I were you , I certainly would .
Yes , thus the employer can know you very well , and then decide whether you are the right person .
all right . i'll give it a try .
What did you think of the teambuiding session this morning ? Do you think it did much good ?
Well , sometimes , I think it ' ll be nice to drive to work instead . We ' ll see . Want to go for a ride ?
Can I make an international call from that pay phone ?
What's on Channel 12 at 8: 00 ?
Why did the boss come down on Joe like a ton of bricks .
Here you are . Which platform should I go to wait for the train ?
The blake's got divorced .
Ok , just a moment , please . Here you are , I need you to sign here , please . And here is your refund . Is there anything else I can help you with ?
In fact , I took up dancing quite recently , too .
The right side . ICCC should be on the first floor .
That's just perfect for me . I live pretty far from the centre and it can be a chore getting in .
What a thrilling trip !
Well , you should be sorry ! Don ' t ever use my computer again ! You can ' t do anything now , it ' s too late !
Oh , Let me see ... It's three forty-five . Er ... wait , My watch is five minutes fast . So it should be three forty
And this ?
That's where it'll be .
That is what I am looking for . Could I go to see the house tomorrow afternoon ?
100th anniversary ? When was that ?
Yes , it is . You describe someone we both know .
it's just near the Dong Si Shi Tiao subway stop .
Would you consider having your parents live with you when they get older ?
Put it there ! In senior high schools , we used to play on desks in the classroom , when no vacant tables were available . Likewise , the racket may take a variety of forms , too . Anything that resembles a racket , from a plank to cardboard or even a hardcover book , may be used as a racket .
I'm very sorry . sir . I'll ask the manager to take care of this .
Yes , it is . Are you here on business ?
How much do I owe you , sir ?
It's a brick ! I can't believe how stupid I was . Damn it !
It's just around the corner
yes . In fact , maybe we could go together .
Right , sir . And please do not forget to bring a valid travel document with you when you buy the tickets .
oh , it's too spicy for me . Don't you remember last time when I tasted the lamb ? It was so spicy my eyes teared up !
OK , got it . Please don't worry sir . We will be there soon .
What do you mean , Janice ?
Dark brown , if you have it .
Yes , miss .
You're right . We have no more rooms available for tonight .
For example ?
I want my change .
The whole-wheat loaf is 45 cents , the white loaves are 35 cents each , the baguette is 27 cents and the rolls are eight cents each . That makes two dollars fifty-seven cents .
Sure . I was fond of those lovely children
What are you listening now , Fred ?
What else can I do for you today ?
No , really . Look . It's got a double time zone setting .
Did she buy them here ?
My phone ?
Really ? How much is it ?
Really ? Then just ask her to follow me .
This is for registration . After you have given us your personal details , we'll match these against new jobs as they come in . And we ' ll contact you when there is a job that suits you .
Around 30 minutes .
Dry . That's my problem .
See you Borrow .
Why don't you speak English ?
Yes . I needed a large one . Before , I had a separate refrigerator and freezer , but this has both combined into one .
Would 7:00 be OK ?
I want to know your earliest available entry time .
No , rice isn't grown in France . But farming , fishing and industry are also very important in France . I'd like to go to Japan some day . Would you like to visit France ?
It's 8 sharp by my watch .
Okay . Are you sure there isn't anything else ?
I think this summer is a good time to visit Berlin . It's a beautiful place and the people there are very nice .
But I ruined your rug .
Yes . Is that so important ?
Take the escalator over there and turn left , you'll see the sign .
It's in the small one beside the cooker .
Really ? What kind ? A girl left this word to me , and I thought she was in Hong Kong .
Certainly . For how many people ?
By the way , could you tell me what day it is today ?
How much is this shirt ?
Yes , could you tell me if there is a laundry in this hotel ?
I can speak and read Cantonese because I worked in Guangdong for many years .
What courses have you completed at college ?
It depends on the type of work . Usually I prefer to work alone , because I ' m self-motivated . But I can work either way . If necessary , I don ' t hesitate to join the team .
Great ! What if I need to print something in the lobby ?
Alright , I have an idea . You know he carries that conservative-looking briefcase every day .
Such as fat-free milk , whole-wheat rolls and fish sandwich .
Now , let me listen to your chest . Ah , you have a temperature . Breathe deeply . That's right . Well , don't worry , it's only a throat infection . There's nothing wrong with your lungs . And how is your appetite ?
Not really . It pinches my toes .
Where do you live , Kim ?
Yeah , I've got everything from rock n ' roll to the latest new - wave stuff .
Sure . 7 is B . Any others ?
I ' m sorry , but that ' s our policy .
I could never figure out how to use my yo-yo .
Yes , and I have the warranty , too .
Enough ! I can't wait anymore .
Done . So how long do we bake it for ?
All right . this suits my taste best . I'II take It .
O . K . Here ' s a receipt for store credit . Just take it back to the stereo section and one of our salesmen will help you .
No , these are all my personal effects .
I will receive a Bachelor's degree .
Okay , now if you could please verify the room rate here , initial next to the X , and sign right here . How many keys will you need ?
And how old is she ?
I have to say , my favorite movie is Superbad .
Thank you for your compliment .
That's no problem . He just has a friend who works in a shop that can do plastic wrap . That's easy . And probably it's the same shop he got the boxes from . Maybe his friend works in an electronics store . They sell video cameras there . Probably they had a couple video camera boxes lying around . So they get the idea of wrapping bricks to sell to fools like you . Twenty dollars a brick . That's a good profit if they can sell enough bricks .
Hurry up , get in .
No , I wouldn't think so .
I'm trying to buy a new bedroom set .
I don't think so . I think it's about your attitude towards learning . One should be open to new ideas , decisions , skills or behaviors .
We rappelled down the side of a 300 - foot cliff . It's very exciting .
OK , please wrap it for me first .
Huh ? Didn ' t you know ? Aren ' t you excited ?
Well , that's right . How about on a formal occasion ? What should I say to show my gratitude ?
Yes . Speaking of digital wares , I bought a digital camera last week .
Don't build a fire under me . I know the importance of time .
He might be driven up a wall . You should not handle your relation with him with kid gloves .
That ' s great ! Do you have any plans ?
Do you have ID ?
Yes , I have seen those signs .
Today's children have not the chance to play , to make fun of them .
Excuse me , miss . What's the tour time we have ?
I pray that he actually makes things better in this country .
They fit me . Can you make it a little cheaper ?
Silly boy ! The dustbin is at the back of the school . Now pick up the paperand put it in the dustbiri .
I have a sweet tooth .
Yes , That's him over there-the taller , handsome one . Would you let me introduce you ?
Would you please fill out this registration 1 form ?
What does it come with standard ?
I don't know . Well , my contract here is for one year , and I don't know what I should do after that . Maybe going around for a while .
How many is a few ?
Yes , membership fees vary depending on the club but usually they run into tens of thousands of dollars .
No ... no . I think you're thinking of someone else .
Pay me , please .
he borrowed some money from me and I needed it back . He said he didn ' t have the money yet .
Let ' s think realistically about what might happen . How much money do you have in your savings ?
We have the medicine for that . I'll go and get it for you .
Egg ! I told you about it last week ! Smelly Toes is playing , and Eric asked if I would go with him !
I heard through the grapevine that Michael probably become the new sales manager .
Which room are you staying in now , sir ?
That sounds good . I'm going to order the same thing .
No ! Oh , my God ! Someone has broken into the house .
That will be fine with me .
Not very often . Making coffee is a bit troublesome . Most of the time , I just buy takeout at Starbucks . And also , I quite like instant coffee .
I guess you are right . Maybe I just wish the weather could be a little more predictable .
I'm sorry , but this was on sale , so I can only give you store credit .
Well , nothing really serious .
Sit here please . How would you like your hair done ?
I want to send some money to Nanchang . Is it handled here ?
Hope it was worth it .
May I have your room number , please ?
Perhaps you could arrange to provide me with a new bill that reflects the advertised rate .
Thank you . Your order will be ready seven days from now .
Okay , you get your funny one and I'll get my beautiful one .
So you're traveling around the world , aren't you .
Well , go home and rest up . Make sure you check the website for your assignments .
You'd better ask for suggestions from a career counselor , and then make a decision .
And a typical example has been the Chinese athletes at the Beijing Olympics , right ?
I am not good at it by any means . Give me some advice .
when's the last time you took your tablets ?
It was really nice talking to you also .
It's so named because in the pavilion over there the great poet Bai Buyi of the Tang Dynasty would take a rest after drinking a little too much , and watch the moon over the lake .
Sure , but if you do have any cancellations , could you let me know as soon as possible ?
No problem , we have a short form right here ; just hand it to me when you are done .
I would like to make my plea .
Ok . But is there anything wrong ?
Well , those are my terms . As long as you honor them , we do business . If you break faith and try to take advantage , I'll find someone else to work with . Can you live with that ?
When I was at school , I was quite good at track and field events . I was on the school team for the long jump , 100 and 200 meter sprints and the javelin .
Did they finally fill that post , how come I haven't seen her ? She must have not been inducted yet .
The one made in the early Tang period is bigger and has more characters on it , while the one with smaller and elegant characters was made in late Tang period . Look carefully , and tell me if you see the difference now .
Have you received any scholarships ?
Melbourne Zoo .
Just go to read . I will find it , honey .
Really ? Well . Ok . Get the receipts out .
We have white toast , whole wheat toast and rye toast .
That sounds great ! I am craving some type of beef dish .
What do you believe , John ? Are you Christian ?
Do you have any apartment to rent ?
I'm so glad you can finally see things in my way . Can we leave this dull place now ?
Welcome to Lincoln Bank . What can we do for you ?
You have never gone to the Statue of Liberty ? ! I can't believe it ! But you live here !
How do we spend our holiday ? Do you have any good ideas ?
Variety shows and talk shows , I think .
It's the most fun I've had in years .
Do you think we'll make it ?
Honey , I don ' t know what to tell you . Of course Tony is a young child . But do not underestimate his ability to learn and reason .
Not yet . I ' ll cook dinner and have it ready by the time you get here .
Yes . Which channel is for opera ?
I'm checking out in about half an hour .
What happened ? Did your boss say something to offend you at work ?
We can do that very easily .
Hey , look at the tripod . I've seen it on TV .
This one ?
Of course . The main thing is that all our work must be completed on schedule . We even allow our employee to go home early if they finish their work early .
Yes , I am . My wife and I understand each other .
No probation is involved .
How about tomorrow instead .
Let's go eat .
What can I help you with ?
Friday at 6 pm . would be perfect .
It's there by the window .
What do you consider to be your strong points ?
Oh , no . It looks like we're late .
The article points out that many languages have been lost and will be lost , but others will continue to be used for generation , even if English continues to be the dominant language .
Would you like to go there then ?
I'm happy to help .
Oh , don't . I'm sure you'll be the loveliest bride ever !
I guess they broke into about four stores .
Does it ever rain in summer ?
Wow . Too bad I don't have a clue about housework .
I just opened my own restaurant . I'm also head chef .
Fine . You can either park in the student lot or on the street . Do you know what a handicapped space is ?
That sounds wonderful . Will there be anyone there that I know ?
' Romeo and Juliet ' .
I'm afraid I can't complete my paper on time .
In that case , you can park either in a student lot or on the street . Are you aware of the marked handicapped spots ?
Don't be so shy , Lucy .
That right . One of my sisters is a doctor and the other one teaches at a university .
I'll put the song at the front of the list .
Are you close ?
Sixty cents a piece .
Why ? That ' s good news , but no one knows it ?
I try and look at the programmes that are on to decide which particular ones interest me , rather than you turning it on a seven o'clock and you leaving it on until half-past eleven when the programmes finish .
No , some jobs are exempt from paying into unemployment .
and also thank them from the bottom of my heart for the Christmas package they sent us .
Come on in . Let me show you the house . Isn ' t it something ? Spacious , bright and clean . And the walls were newly painted . Have you ever seen such a nice house ?
It's free ; just go ask for one .
Yes . If you undertake additional courses , provided these are approved , and you complete them successfully , you can claim back part , quite a large part , 75 % of the costs you incurred . Not just the fees , - traveling and other expenses too .
I don ' t want to beat around the bush so I ' m just gonna come out with it . We are going to have to let you go .
That sounds really neat . Is there an extra charge for these swim stations ?
Yes , very much . But I need peace and quiet when I'm on holiday . What are coughing to do ?
I speak English and French in addition to my mother tongue , Chinese .
I wrote out a check for $ 100 and it bounced .
Hang in there . It ' ll all come together one of these days .
Thanks , thanks a lot and thanks a million .
Well , I hate to disturb you , but I really can't stand it any more . Can you change my room for me ? It's too noisy . I was woken up several times by the noise the baggage elevator made . It was too much for me .
Then we will arrange a morning call at 7:30 . Will that be fine ?
well , I like all kinds of music , but he is one of my favorites . How about you ?
How are you finding your new boss ?
And a white sports car .
Could you do me a favour ? Please give me some confidential information .
No , I am afraid not . I just arrive in town today .
Yeah , we've experienced the 8 . 0 magnitude earthquake in Wenchman .
That's a good idea . Can you set the oven to 200 degrees Celsius ?
That's really a big change from 20 % . I really can't accept that .
would you want to live there ?
You can get a dozen for only $ 20 .
I need to order new business cards .
If a client complains about the service of your department , what will you do ?
No , I prefer to play with people I know .
Yes . She is Sarah's step-mother .
Hey ! Do you still remember our teacher of economics , Mr . Locker ?
That is the Ford Focus . A very light but powerful vehicle . It comes with dual side airbags , power steering and power windows , tinted windows and your choice of either automatic or manual transmission .
Would you like to go to the top ?
It's time for me to leave . I hope you will recover soon . See you later .
Mr . Chandler will be our new partner , so his visit this time will be extremely important for our cooperation in future , because it may decide whether Mr . Chandler sign the trade contract with us or not . Do you have some idea ?
I see . My niece just flew back from Australia to visit . She ' s got jetlag now . she ' s just resting today , but we ' ll probably go out somewhere tomorrow .
The breaking news just reported some houses were destroyed by the earthquake .
Sounds good . What time do you want me to come ?
They don't seem to have done much damage to the flat .
No problem . My husband bought me some beautiful jewellery for our anniversary and I don't feel safe keeping it in the house . Initially , on the advice of a friend , I stored it in the freezer .
Yeah , what was all that stuff about running tests about anyway ?
OK . What time ?
I am just thinking of it . Maybe I ' ll go .
No problem , I can wait .
Ashes to ashes and dust to dust ...
Thanks for tucking me , Mom .
Get out of here !
Yes , sir . When do you want to leave here ?
Good . The work includes keeping the files . Have you got any practical experience with that ?
Now it's my son's turn to wait .
Yes , starting salary is 6,000 yuan a month plus bonuses .
That's good to know . Thanks .
OK . I just saw a Versace for thirty dollars . This stuff can't be real !
That depends . What does she look like ?
I know . I'm a little nervous , but it's pretty exciting .
No , sir , you have to deal with your own meal since we charge you only $ 80 for the trip .
See how many people are here !
Can we have two tickets for the 7:30 showing of ' Beautiful Mind ' .
OK , please be seated . May I have your name , please ?
I am not impressed by the interior of this house .
A Mac would be an excellent gift .
How about making Hong Kong the port of shipment instead of New York ?
Sure , I'll let you know if I need anything . Hm , this mattress is very firm . Jack will probably like it .
Our jackets are over here next to coats and accessories .
Not really . I wasn thinking of maybe going to a movie . Do you want to go with me ?
I was drying my hair and ironing my shirt ! Can you come here for a sec ? I need your help .
I have no idea what I'm doing .
I ' m ok . I ' m so busy !
You have to send that form in every two weeks so we that we will know what to pay you .
If I won the Pools , I'd go round the world .
What was wrong with you ?
It seems as if they got busy and left it sitting before it got to us .
I think that the public transport system could be made simpler . I never know where the bus routes actually go . The routes seem to twist and turn rather than going roughly in a straight line .
Usually for lunch , we don't have to reserve a table , they should allow walk-ins . But to be on the safe side , I'll order a table for half-past twelve . Will that suit your schedule ?
no-one really believes gossip columnists .
I need your library card .
How do you like this grey one ? It ' s pure wool , one hundred percent of Xinjiang wool .
Now , have you brought your curriculum vitae with you ?
It makes sense , right ? Who else is going to eat it ?
What is the average temperature of Beijing ?
They're like a citrus fruit .
Well , did you know he was also the director of The Terminator ?
That is a lot of friends . Do you have a best friend ?
When ' re you getting married ?
Thanks . I am starving . Tom , what are you getting ?
Sure . It's on you right ?
Well , of course depends somewhat on experience , background and that sort of thing . What are your currently earning ?
For starters , we should start doing more outdoor activities . That way we'll get some exercise .
I mean you couldn't give it up !
How can I help you today , Sir ?
I see . Then , what's your favorite winter sport ?
He is cute . What dose he do ?
I would like to have notice of that question , I will give you an answer in a week .
We jumped off a bridge and fell 500 feet before the bungee cord caught us .
I stayed online chatting with friends all night . It was great fun .
Good Morning . What can I do for you ?
How much is it ? Is three hundred dollars enough ?
Well , here you are . Remember to put it in a proper place .
It ' s nice that she ' s back for a while . Thinking of all these ailments , I got a splinter the other day . It took a long time for me to get it out of my skin . Look .
That ' s no problem .
Mangoes ? What are mangoes ?
The last company is still hiring , but not recent graduates .
Really ? I think you ' ll love it .
Sure , what do you need to do there ?
6:30 . My room number is 305 .
Hm , they may ask you what kind of salary you have in mind , or simply tell you what the company is offering . I think the latter is more likely for a starting position , especially if you have little experience . And if they are seriously considering hiring you , they will probably want to know when you would be available to start work . And basically , that's about it .
Well , as for Albert , he should go to an office supply store . There ' s a very good one called Office Depot . They have everything he will need . And their prices are good too . It's very convey
Yes . If we get it , we'll really be set for success .
We'd like you to come to work for us .
Do you know how to use a PC to process the management information ?
I see . Please put your address here then .
that's true . It's said the short-lived marriage is typical of the post - 80s generation .
Oh , shut up , will you ? It was all your fault . If you'd kept quite this would never have happened .
Come on . Cheer up !
No , and I have no way of getting ahold of him ! There's no phone where he's at !
How about doing it this way ? You increase your quantity to 8,000 dozen and I'll give you a l0 % reduction .
I think you're right . Let's go .
It's okay . It's a really big campus .
How much will it hurt ?
What size do you want ?
Excuse me , can I use your computer to type my paper ?
Do you want a cold-wave or perm ?
What was the actual score ?
What time will breakfast be served ?
We could take out some advertisements to local newspapers . I checked the prices and they are reasonable .
Oh , that ' s right . Is that time of the year , huh ? That ' s fine . How about if we meet at 3:30 this afternoon ?
Is there anything else that I can do for you today ?
Do you know which bus will take me from PHS to Sons ?
This place serves good breakfasts , don't you think ?
We will send it to your room at 4:00 pm tomorrow .
Tingling is on TV .
No . Nothing . I'm sorry .
Oh . Take it easy . You can set your aim from today .
Yeah . It ' s exciting . This month we ' re doing crossword puzzles .
I only have small boxes . Do you want one ?
How do I know if it's ripe ?
They're neat . Now Let's take that path into the woods and see what we can see ...
What certificates of technical qualification have you got ?
OK , someone will be there by 12:15 .
English and computer skills are comparatively important to this post , especially in the starting period . Wharfs your ability in these two fields ?
I want to return this cellphone .
I never imagined meeting you here .
You're joking !
Yes . My name's Mark Benson . I just started a couple weeks ago .
All right . This way , please .
Are they cheaper ?
I see . But I have to discuss it over with my boss before I make a decision .
Well , all the brothers and sisters get together and fill the Christmas stockings for the litt 1e kids .
You married Joe , didn't you ?
This is your breakfast . Can I put it here ?
Oh , no ! My stub ! I can't believe it -- I flushed it down the toilet !
What are you looking for now ?
It ' s my pleasure . I enjoyed working with you .
There is a problem in my apartment .
Is this another rush , dear ? Did you forget and wait until the last minute again ?
Around seven .
Mr . Martin ? I need to talk to you for a minute .
We open at lo
Not at all . We can adjust the payment methods depending on the requirement of each employee .
Is there something any need ?
But it'supposed to get cloudy and windy again this afternoon .
Why haven't you answered the phone ?
So Chinese people prefer soccer or basketball ?
Did he see the doctor ?
Tariff raises the price at which the goods are sold in the importing country and therefore makes them less competitive with locally produced goods .
So far I have more than 500 collections .
Be sure . And if there is anything more you need , please let us know .
Oh , yes ?
Do you have any other outside income from rental property or a trust ?
I like the color .
No , no , no , not at all , you were right on time . I was early . I hope I didn ' t rush you . I ' m glad for the opportunity to interview with you .
Wow , a remote car model and my favorite brand . I really like it . That is so nice of you .
How about I come and see you off ?
That will involve additional expenses for us , which we will have to pass on to you as a rate hike .
How do you find the prices there ?
You can use this . It has special effect for keeping your face moisturized . It has this lotion , as a gift attached .
Great . I have the banquet room reserved for a lunch on for Nika Corporation on the 2nd of December . May I have your name and contact information ?
Please put your name and address here . May I see your passport .
Just hang on there a sec . Can I get a price check on " Fun Times Ribbed Condoms " please !
Do you want large ones or small ones ?
Mother , may we have a party ?
Driver , take me to the airport .
Congratulations ! It ' s good to follow your heart . But I just didn ' t expect to be so fast .
Can't you see the notice here ?
I would love to join you on a hike . Could I maybe bring a picnic lunch for us to eat on the trail ?
It was a few things . The first thing that happened was that we were supposed to go out for a romantic dinner for our one year anniversary , but she stood me up !
My friend finally dumped her boyfriend , and she's sworn she's going to abstain until she finds the right man to marry .
I have a parking ticket to pay for .
How about drink ?
We've looked over your letter and resume and I'm very satisfied with them . Today I want to invite you talk about insurance you're interested in .
You see , I've just got married and we are looking at getting on the property ladder with our first home .
Here are all kinds of jades . Choose whatever you like , please .
You can win a good impression of the interviewer in this way .
All right . I suggest posting the ad Monday through Friday .
30 yuan .
No matter what I do , I'm going to ace this test and go on to become a corporate fat cat !
Because the hottest season is summer in a year .
And your other names ?
On the other hand , I think the other team won everyone's respect . The leader said they could have crumpled at the beginning , but they just carried on and never lost their cool .
About 13 hours .
I usually run it every few days . It finds a virus about half the time .
Mm , it is .
It's all agreed , here's a letter to prove it .
What kind of job are you applying for ?
Here's your roast chicken , ma'am .
Here is your boarding pass .
Oh , cheer up ! A girlfriend is not everything .
You're quite right . But many Japanese learners begin with smiles on their faces and end up with tears in their eyes .
I'm not making anything .
Just fine , Mr . Emory . Could you please sign this memo ? I want to get it out to everybody this afternoon .
then why didn ' t you talk to me ?
Yes , I am interested in finding a one-bedroom apartment near Washington Square .
I don't know what's gotten into him .
Well , we'd better get back to our seats . It's about to start .
Think , in some way it is an act of God , but in another way , it just is caused by us .
A table-cloth of this size and style is 15 Yuan .
It ' s my job . What can I help you with ?
You bet . I used to take a whirlpool almost every night back home .
Good morning . Can I help you ?
Well , black is a better color than pink . Pink ' s for girls .
Have a seat please while I call .
Until we meet again .
Well , I'm glad to hear that . Please give my regards to him .
Retail is going upscale here ? China is certainly growing more quickly than I had imagined .
At school . And I'm still learning it now .
Yes , very . They make the trip in about an hour .
Nice and easy . Just give it a little gas .
If you ever need a job , let me know . I can always train you .
Three hundred ! That's daylight robbery . How dare she play tricks on an old hand like me ? Without hesitation , I gave my offer---no more than fifty .
Can you please give me a hand ? I can ' t carry the heavy box .
I heard you will be going on a business trip .
I cannot , Mum . Nobody can help me !
I was a runner_a long-distance runner .
Yes , blue Cheese please .
thank you for reminding me . I'll continue to exercise as soon as I finish this project .
Well , maybe you broke it . But what I'm worried about is this cut .
Hi , I'd like to leave a wake-up call .
I know it's so exciting ! A new year is always like a clean slate . Fresh start to accomplish any dreams , objectives and goals .
no , I haven't had a chance to . But I've been watching a Chinese TV series called Chinese-Style Divorce .
Have you anything to ask about the job ?
I would like to have a job that is more lively than my present one . Besides , I would like to practise my English in my work . As my present employer deals with China trade towards China only , there isn ' t much chance to speak English .
That's right . I haven't done that yet .
I ' m fine . But I have bad news .
I was not speeding .
I went to try it on yesterday , but it only came in extra small .
We can buy something for Mom and Dad here , and then go buy Uncle Teddy's gift on State Street .
What ? You mean strap myself to a flimsy kite ? No , thank you ! Next !
Detective books .
Satin is like silk , Ma'am . It feels like silk . But it's a different material .
Hi Bob , this is my friend Mary .
How do you like New York city ?
Are you going to have anything to eat ?
David , I am going for an interview tomorrow . It's an American company . Can you give me an idea of what the interviewer will ask ?
You should first write your name and contact information .
Walker Airline Travel Agency . May I help you ?
And the streets are covered with snow .
Do you believe what they say ?
a virtual office ?
Thank you . Nice to meet you , too .
A reasonable number of sick days will be covered by the company . Any extended illness will be covered by insurance . Have you read the other terms of the contract ?
What appliances are you talking about ?
How about this set ?
I ' m going to place a trial order for 1,000 units of a dozen fireworks and 500 cartons of mosquito coil incense .
I think he was locked in it .
Excuse me for a while . Clive asked me out to a movie ! Do you want to join us ?
Do you have any ideas on this work ?
Let ' s think this through . First of all , you cannot leave Amy at the altar . Not only will she be humiliated and kill you , but she is the woman that you love and the woman of your dreams ! Why would you want to end that or jeopardize it like this ? Second of all , you are just getting cold feet . You know deep down inside that you want to marry her , so cut the crap and do it !
Yes , madam . Fill 3 or 5 pieces of Cordyceps into a cleaned and chopped open duck's head and cook with the whole duck . Or stew Cordyceps with chicken .
Hello , I'm returning your phone call .
I usually ask them if they want some food and then give them something to eat . I figure that if they're homeless , they're probably hungry .
Acknowledgments play a necessary part in the interview .
A single room with a bath , if possible .
Hi , Sandra . how was your weekend ?
150 ? No , I'm not really interested in this place . It isn't big enough . It isn't near enough to my office . 150 ?
What about coming back ? I'd like to come back about 7 p . m .
Oh . I see . I would like to have mashed potatoes and chocolate pudding .
I'd like to have internet on my computer .
Well , we can do nothing about it .
You will need to send the tripod as luggage because it is too long to fit in our gauge box for carry-on items .
I put all of that information in the packet . I'll give you another copy if you need one . See you on Monday !
Why not ? You've done so well for the company . She should give you a prize .
I was just kidding .
My pleasure . How do you want me to do it ?
Sir , we always try to please our guests .
Do you mind if I open the window ?
I have finished . We can go now .
Oh , really ? So , Spain is through to the next round ?
It was with all the other dishes from dinner .
Of course , Sir .
We would also like some alcohol before the main dish .
We're ready to place our Christmas order and we need a formal bid .
What are you doing for Christmas this year ?
Yes , it is . But you have to be careful .
I heard that a couple people got hurt .
I studied English in junior and senior high school . And in college , I took English conversation lessons . They were given by foreign tutors .
Not me . I'd like to be a bachelor forever .
Mom said you couldn't go out .
Let me see that . I didn't get one when I came in .
It seems you have late fees .
I used to work as a mechanic and I was responsible for the maintenance of all the company vehicles .
I'm looking forward to going to America .
Is that so ? We're using lures , and the fish are biting those too .
This is great , isn't it ?
Here's a similar aluminum pan . But it has a heat-resistant handle .
That's not a pencil . That's a pen .
Thank you . Do you want your money back , or would you like to exchange it ?
Red .
I don't really like this hotel that much . So tonight , now that we are so rich , tonight why don't we stay in the most expensive hotel in town ?
Can we have 7 - day holiday on National Day ?
Can I bring my camera with me ?
But the bank should be closed so we shouldn't to be able to get some money .
OK , here is your permit ; enjoy the next semester .
What do you use to check for high blood pressure ?
Don ' t worry . It ' ll probably take you about three weeks to get everything organized .
How do you check for high blood pressure ?
I was wondering if I could ask you some questions about a loan I want to make .
David took me to it last week . I thought it was a little sick .
But we ' re so right for each other .
Good . That ' s something unusual .
Don't worry . I'm patient , but vengeance will be mine .
Yes , when it snows , every where is white . It's very beautiful .
Good . Fortune is usually ahead of the curve . And Business Week is very solid , too .
Yes , that could have been it , but I haven ' t been feeling that great for the past few days .
Here you are . Have a nice stay here .
I majored in English and minored in Chinese .
Thank you , Rick . We ' Ve got a very exciting encounter ahead of us today as two powerhouse teams , Brazil and China , face off against each other and try to qualify for the next round . Without a doubt , both teams are in top shape and this will prove to be a competitive match .
Honey , be patient . It's better to wait than to climb with my legs broken .
Yes , some of the spots charges separately .
Not really . Do you like biographical / drama films ?
Oh , did you study a foreign language ?
Didn ' t they let you go ?
Hello . Thank you for calling Spend Mart .
Okay , what package would you like to order ?
Do you have any idea why he treats you worse than the others ?
So , who do you work for ?
Ms . Stevens will be with you momentarily . Can I offer you something to drink ?
Then would you like to have lunch with us ?
I'd like a facial .
So , John , what do you do for a living ?
Personnel . May I help you ?
Does this one look big enough ?
Did it come out ?
Mary , this is Mr . Wu , my new Chinese friend .
You ' re darn right !
Thank you . See you .
I hope not . It isn't that busy .
Wow , you have a lot of questions ! I learned a lot . In fact , that ' s why I am taking it again . I get lots of practice in speaking , and also in writing . I ' m sure you ' ll be glad you took this course . I ' ll even help you study if you ' d like .
Hi , Maggy , Did you hear about David ?
Excuse me , I ' Ve been waiting here for fifteen minutes . Do you know why the traffic is so heavy ?
Oh , that would be lovely . Thank you .
You know how hard it is to find a decent place at this time of year ?
There is a reason in what you say .
You are right . This is very good brand . It doesn't sag easily and we offer a lifetime warranty , so you don't have to worry about its quality .
I prefer this kind of style . Can you make it for me ?
No wonder when I pass your room , I always hear your laughter .
Welcome to China , Paula .
Yes , we have a very pleasant time . Thank you for being so nice for us .
Sure . It's $ 100 .
He has a bad cold .
Really ? It was on in 1994 for the first time . And it is really a classic .
We are fishing with worms . The fish seem to like them .
Great ! As you know however , the day in New York has hardly begun .
Who is your favorite hip hop artist ?
What a pity . I wanted to go for a drink with you .
Go to window number eleven .
Yes , can I return this article , please ?
No , there isn't . There is a vacuum in every box .
Hi , Maria , this is Shirley .
That's exactly the way I feel .
OK , we'll make the correction for you .
Two stops after this one .
I need to get to PCC , but I don't know which bus to catch .
We offer packages with all the movie channels .
Hello , I need to get a cab .
How about tomorrow night ?
He looks like a very personable man .
Hello , is that Miss Smith ?
Don't mention it .
Travelling , swimming , going to the cinema . And you ?
I'd like to have a sightseeing tour in South Africa . Do you provide a package tour ?
How would you like to send it ?
She said that she didn ' t want to foul her own nest .
well , there are a lot of things , like reading news , email , shopping , etc . but mostly I chat online . You could say I'm addicted to online chatting .
Certainly , Sir . Via phone or Internet , any time , any place .
Fine , I'll be up in a few minutes .
How long does it take you to cook a meal for five or six people ?
What's the matter , Andy ?
Can you tell me how to improve myself ?
Well , if I were you , I'd go on studying .
Psychology .
I like the way Carl runs . He looks more graceful .
I've got a better idea . Why don ' t we hire a boat and go for a ride ? What do you think ?
I'm planning to discuss the advertising budget at the conference . I don't think we should continue with the TV advertising .
I need to make a statement at the police station .
Did you know hat your actions might cause serous injuries or death ?
Ah ! I know a way to convince him that Americans can make good Italian food !
It's really late but I'm starving .
It was scary at first , but after awhile , I got used to it . If you have fast reflexes , then it's not really a problem . What position did you play ?
What happened ? Did you have a fight ?
I have only worked at this job for 6 months , but I have a longer job history elsewhere .
Yeah . I think things are worked out just fine .
Now that you have learned Kung fu for a few months , what are your general impression of it ?
If you order in large lots , we'll accept the price .
Of course . I ' Ve been working as an office clerk in the Textile Company since my graduation . I do a lot of things , such as typing , handling the daily correspondence , arranging meetings and so on .
There is something in what you said , but what is the rent ?
I'm sorry I haven't dropped in that much these past few years . Business kept me too busy , I apologize .
Oh , nothing much really . And how is everything with you ?
What's your working day like ?
Thank you . I've got just 50 minutes to go . Can we manage ?
Yes , I have an add sheet .
a couple of times a week . i've got a regular dancing partner . he is really some dancer
May I know your name , please ?
Would you like one way or round trip ?
And after the varnish ?
He hits below the belt .
When I have time , I sometimes draw and paint .
By the way , can I open a checking account too ?
You seem really ticked off . What's up ?
where are you from ?
Sure . 3:30 this afternoon .
What did he aim at ?
Fine ! Do you want anything to eat now ?
I don't understand why some parents keep beefing and complaining about their daughters not being able to follow suit .
Please fetch me a glass of water . Thanks .
Ahh . And how about on Sunday ? Did you watch the football ?
Kate , you know , I am thinking of getting a part-time job next year because I really need more money and I don't want to ask my parents for any more . But I'm so busy ! How am I going to work and study ? How do you do it ? Do you have some good tips on budgeting time ?
Yes . I caught a number 7 bus yesterday , and they said I had taken a wrong bus .
Yes , I'll be with you in a minute . Here's your bill , sir . It's 480 yuan altogether .
I see . All carry-on items must be able to fit under the seat or in the overhead bin .
Sure , who am I bidding against ?
It sure is . Can I see your ticket ? OK , fine .
That's right . Move along , please . There are more people waiting to get on . Move to the rear .
She is only after his money .
You have probably noticed that our products ' prices are competitive . Besides . we can provide more superior products than other companies at the same price .
Are your free this weekend ?
Let me have a look . Well , it lists some shows that will be on next week .
A postcard costs you five yuan . A dozen postcards cost you 60 yuan .
There was a guy on the sidewalk . He had three new boxes , Panasonic video camera boxes . He said he had to get rid of them quick .
All right . Here are the traveler's checks and money .
Not at all . Bang the door , please .
Do you have shoes here ?
Yeah , they all come from a very ancient time .
Well , I'm afraid there is . I have some bad news for you about the results of the forensic tests ... there won't be any results .
No , I'm not . I'm going to look for an apartment .
That ' s right , or I ' m going to spend a lot of time walking .
How many foreign languages can you speak ?
Well , please look at the employment contract . I'd like to go over the main details again before signing . First , you will be getting a monthly salary , and no probation is involved .
Then , I ' d like some eggs and bread for breakfast instead .
Do they look like roses ?
Let me see . There ' s the news section , the entertainment section , sports , business , and world affairs .
Don ' t worry , Shan always screws up free throws .
Can you even hear what he's saying ?
Then I did my laundry .
Same here , Ms . Drake . I've been looking forward to this .
We'd like to . You may call the attendant if you need any help .
I wish you a pleasant stay here .
I simply couldn ' t help giving him the fish-eye when I knew all that .
Today is Tuesday , 25th September , 2001 .
I'm sorry to make you wait . What did you decide ?
I am glad you like it .
Does the test cover everything in the manual ?
How far away is it from the campus ?
I would , but I don't have any in my tackle box .
Which movie is your favorite to watch ?
I broke Mom's vase .
Thank you . You helped me a lot .
Do you think that teenagers get a lot of their bad behaviour from tv and movies ?
sounds perfect . I think with all that you have in mind , you'll become a successful businessman . By then , perhaps , I'll join in as a partner of your company .
Ok , well , we're going to make a pan of lasagne , a salad , and some garlic bread . Here's the recipe . Do you want to get the ingredients we need out of the cupboard ?
Sure , since I came back from the US , I've been keeping the habit of blogging , simply to share my personal insights on any topic I like .
I am still in shock to know that he was elected .
I understand how you feel , but you ' Ve gotta learn to move on .
I arrived this morning . I would have rung you before but I have been terribly busy all day attending a conference . It has only just ended . Are you doing anything tonight , Mary ?
So , tell me , Karl , hyoid you come all the way to Minnesota to live ?
thank you . I can't imagine getting much done today . I'm just too exhausted !
Would you like me to go into a little more detail about the free services we can offer you ?
You did ?
It is a very fuel efficient vehicle giving you about 34 miles in the city and 40 on the highway .
What's your favorite color ?
The customer got back to us this morning and they have agreed to pay a Discrepancy Fee of 100 US dollars .
That is what I want to say .
You're getting that hot stuff in my mild broth !
No , the sunroof is optional , sir .
She will be back soon . You can wait and see .
We can make shipment within one month from receipt of order .
Is that right ? I didn't know it .
I didn't know you paint . What type of painting is it ?
I don't know , maybe one hundred .
So awful ! I never fancy my salary is so little .
A shouting match ? You ' re so funny . You must be exaggerating . I don ' t believe it .
Thirty two kilos .
Watch out !
That is fine . I think you have the qualifications needed for the job , so I will let you have the job . Does the work schedule suit you ?
Sure . Well , the avocado sandwich is delicious , and it's the healthiest thing on the menu . Personally , I think the beef salad is the tastiest choice . I usually get that . Also , the milkshakes are the best milkshakes in town !
When I was a little boy , I had a dream of becoming a lawyer .
Just about half an hour ago .
excellent . Come in please . The washing machine is in the bathroom upstairs . It keeps breaking down .
( The customer gets the aspirin and vitamins . ) That'll be $ 16 . 00 .
I'm just asking . It's not like I'd actually make a bid .
Let ' s stop gossiping and get back to work .
It's here at last !
You certainly drive a hard bargain , Mrs . Brown .
Ted . Oh , and could you give her this document for me ?
In that case , you'd better have it registered .
They say that Showing wine tastes quite good . What's it ?
I don ' t understand . Why do you want a cat ?
We need a new filing cabinet in the office . Could you go downtown with me after lunch ?
I see them ! Wow ! How do you know they're wild ?
Fine , thank you . And you ?
first , I ' d like to know if you offer employees sick leave .
Emily , are you getting rushed by a sorority ?
Hi , I'm here to look at the one-bedroom apartment you have for rent .
I believe that can be arranged . But there should be a refundable security deposit , you know .
No , he said the employers will pay for it .
It ' s the last four charges .
About 1 hour . Would you buy it ?
All right . We'll make the shipment as soon as your L / C is on hand .
Why did you choose Beijing University ?
Let me see . Oh , yes . Your room number is 503 . The porter will lead you to your room .
I've tried , but I can't stand the bald man talking so loudly in the program .
Do you like regular work ?
Jason , it's your turn .
It's once in blue moon .
Yes , this is Tom White .
Would you show us the menu ?
yeah . And that ' s so funny because most people prefer watching sex and violence to watching something more educational !
It ' s possible . If you would like to book with another airline the line is right over there .
do you want to listen to your messages first ?
Yes , it's beautiful weather we're having .
Waiter , come back .
Turn right outside the school ; go along until you come to the main road ; turn left ; go straight ahead , straight on at the roundabout , down the hill , and turn left at the bottom .
I would like to make a deposit .
What else ?
Well , please bring me the cold beef .
Excuse me , ma'ma . Could you walk back through the doorway again , please ?
That ' s strange . But probably , it is the new interview technique they call it " Getting to know you more personally " . What about your answers ?
Jay Chou's title song in his new album .
I was taking a walk in the park early this morning when suddenly I heard someone calling " help " . I rushed over and saw a man beating a woman .
I am just doing what I think I should do .
Just because he gets on well with everybody ?
Sure . What do you need ?
Excuse me , could you spare me a few minutes ?
It ' s a good idea . But I am afraid it ' s too cold . It is very windy on the lake .
That's why it is so popular . It was recorded by Barbara Tutin . I've heard that when she sang this song on stage the opening night , she created quite a sensation .
Your approval would be my honor .
You seem to have all the jitters about Jane .
It's great !
Where'd you get your food from ?
That's a pretty short essay .
No way . I'll never find another apartment around here . But I don't like the idea of paying three months ' rent on an empty apartment , either .
I'm going to register right now .
Good . I think I'll get too nervous to look at myself in the mirror !
That's not a problem . We can have a company car take you there . It's only about a two hour drive .
Well , Thanksgiving is family event . So on Thanksgiving , family members will get together and enjoy a big Thanksgiving dinner . Kids will have lot of fun .
Wow ! What a hit !
Ok , let's hurry .
OK . How much should I pay ?
That would be fine .
Boy , you've got such a crush on her , haven't you ?
Thanks , bye bye .
Basically , I've been working too .
That's really all I have to do ?
I am not the guilty party
If I were you , I would take a few days to take care of those things before you move in .
Thank you so much for your help .
Was there anyone else with you ?
No , I haven't . Where do I go for that ?
Hey let's go out tomorrow night . The Ram Bar and Grill is having a special on pitchers .
Perhaps you could give her a ring ?
Here , I'll take a taxi instead . How do you refund us ?
What kind of flowers do you want ?
Do you have a reservation , sir ?
Oh , I'm sorry to hear that . You can go on a holiday cheer you up .
Many banks in Europe now carry accounts in yen . They are in a position to open letters of credit and effect payment in yen . Consult your banks and you'll see that they are ready to offer you this service .
Do you know how to go to the Fragrant Hills in Beijing ? I heard that they are very famous in China .
That's cool . I can use the computer and the internet pretty well , but I'm a little bit slow in the latest trends of digital products .
Thank you , I got it . And how long do you expect to stay ?
Linda , this is Todd calling .
Yes . It's right here .
Do you mean this Saturday ?
I have lost about five kilos .
Do you two know each other ?
OK . Do you need a limousine service ?
Last night on the dresser . I took it off before I went to the shower , and forgot to put it back on after the shower . And this morning I left the hotel in a hurry without wearing it .
What are your career goals , Miss Li ?
Oh ! ! ! I have a horrible toothache .
Which resources do you have to import ?
You have to help to the laundry today .
Even though I asked him not to , he kept speaking out in class .
Why is it called Autumn Moon over the Calm Lake ?
Of course , sir . You've made a good choice .
It should be there at 11:45 , but it may be a little late .
Do you like coffee ?
Say hi to your parents for me . I hope to see them soon .
Yes , please .
Yes , a medium Coke .
Hi , Wendy . I ' m Gerry .
But I prefer burnt bread .
She ' s a consummate professional and a team-player . I have utmost confidence in her abilities . You can ' t go wrong in hiring her .
In what room is this pipe ?
Me ? Why me ? Why not you ?
Well , good luck with your garden , especially considering we are in the dry season and it won ' t rain for the next three months !
Hmm ... you look too dressed up . How about this purple top and these jeans ?
Would you like a shampoo first ?
No , I was out . Was it worth watching ?
OK , thank you , Shirley . You are very helpful . I have another question . When does the Economic Law of China come into effect ?
My , it looks too queer !
How often do you play tennis ?
Yeah , but it's expensive . Nah , I'm going to YY's .
I guess there is some kind of virus seeking into my computer , I can ' t send out this e-mail . Do you have the number of the text port ?
Sure , let's . Goodbye , then .
We can amend it for you as long as your customer agrees to the amendment .
You ready ?
No , thanks . Ah , yes ! Can I have some more juice for the minibar ?
Thank you so much , Mr Addison .
You know what ? I don ' t really need the money . Thanks anyways !
That's the beauty of it -- the imperfection .
How'd you get a ticket ?
I have a need for help with writing and also a need for help with the computer work . Which would you prefer ?
Yes , Mum .
I kind of know where you live , but could you e-mail me your address ?
Go right ahead .
Ok . I ' ll miss you . I hope we can see each other again soon .
Hello , Elitherbeth How are you ?
Yes . Do you offer any opportunities for further study ?
I'm from Guangzhou .
Friday sounds good . Where should we meet ?
Are you for real ?
Yes , I'd like to check out .
Hot in here , isn't it ?
Oh , hey , how about a new car ? They've got easy loans now . You ' d feel so good driving a new car .
Hey , how's it going ?
Yes . I bet my bottom dollar that he will get promoted .
Hello , Mary . Why are you standing here in the cold wind ?
Thank you for your compliments . It's just that you are a good leader . Do you like the samba and waltz ?
It's Saturday . Could you make the time ?
Who's winning ?
Are there other chores for us to do ?
Twenty-one .
Sure , so , what about you ? Do you have any hobbies ?
Actually it will be my first time to meet her .
What is the special local product ?
What time do you expect him back ?
Chinese food is divided into eight big cuisines , such as Cantonese food , Sichuan food , Fujisan food , etc . Our restaurant is famous for Sichuan style .
ok , what unusual food do you want to try ?
I called the airlines to reconfirm the reservations today .
How often ?
If your wife and baby are both happy , what more can you ask for ?
Yes , I need a job that can give full play to my skills .
Lily , I ' m not sure . Let me check , I think I spent $ 50 .
Let me take a look . You know why ? It's clogged with hair . No wonder water won't go down .
I'm afraid you can't smoke here .
Yes , and I always feel much better when I am friendly .
I think it ' s important to be successful in a field you are truly interested in , not something that other people force you to be interested it .
Five I think . All three candidates are presenting their campaign platforms .
Er , good morning , yes , er ...
I guess I ' ll just have to tell Mr . Robinson that you ' re too busy every evening -- doing God knows what ... God don ' t go on like this . If you absolutely refuse to take her out ...
You're right , we do need leadership . But what we don't need is too many people to lead us . You know what they say about too many chiefs and not enough Indians ...
It depends on who the film is about . Which movie did you have in mind ?
yes , I think I'd like the green mask in the middle .
I only attend class part-time in the evenings .
I know that generally it is possible to move from this position to a management position with two years experience in the company
Maybe Olga can introduce you to some of her friends who can write to you in German and you can do the same for her with your friends to write her in English .
Mr . Rodriguez was asking me about it yesterday .
The owners may wish to pay to have the problems fixed , or maybe the price of the house can be reduced .
Let's see . We spent $ 700 for our home loan payment , $ 300 0n groceries , $ 75 0n utilities , $ 250 n gasoline , $ 100 on books , and $ 400 0n entertainment last month .
Are you interested in purchasing on the lake , or would you like a home with a view ?
The time has come to say goodbye .
Yes , please . Please print your name and company name , and the person you are going to see .
Would you like to go skiing with us for christmas ?
It is a very difficult climb , because there are not many places to put your hands and feet .
I would like to live in Pasadena or Arcadia .
Do you know if there is Japanese restaurant near the hotel ?
What's the trouble , ma'am ?
Which bus should I take ?
Yes , sure . Which cupboard is it in ?
But when does the plane take off ?
Could you come back later ? We ' re right in the middle of dinner .
My car is simply a daisy . It drives smoothly .
Honey , why are you so angry ? Can you tell me ?
I see . Well , keep up the good work . See you later .
yes , it's got wireless Internet access .
Your late fees come to $ 24 . 50 .
Let ' s start with the basics , bread . Bread is an important ingredient here . You need to remember one thing - choose the bread according to the following criteria , freshness , crumb and color . If you want a closed sandwich I recommend you first toast your bread in a toaster or oven , or grill it slightly until it gets a light brown color .
Yeah , I'll call later to patch things up .
So , tell me , what makes you think we should give you a raise ?
I want a Hamburger and ice cream . What about you ?
I was preparing my supper but I've finished now .
Yeah , sometimes I really feel like writing a letter to the mayor .
No , I haven't . I'm so surprised at the news .
May I show you to your room ?
No , thanks . That will be it .
Sure you can . But I'm only gonna keep it for a month .
Why not send E-mail through the Internet ?
Your parents would be happy if they knew that . Because you are always a naughty boy .
May I have a reservation ?
We've been discussing the project for two hours . Let's take a break .
Ok . got it . That ' ll be $ 6 . 50 . Thank you for your order . it will be there in 20 minutes .
What a lovely gift . Yes , I can understand why you wouldn't be comfortable keeping something so valuable at home . I think one of our small ones will be perfect . Do you have some ID with you ?
I ' m a bus driver .
Oh , yes , it is .
I can only spend $ 300 a month .
Not always . But they like a good meal . Lots of tourists go to Rome just for the food , you know .
I have cockroaches crawling in my room .
Pancakes ? I don't like pancakes . I ordered waffles .
My mother is ill with cancer , and I think about her a lot .
You can find plenty of recording on the internet too . You can listen to samples and then buy them very cheaply if you like them .
That ' s right , plus the activation fee , the emergency services fee , the monthly service fee , oh , and any charges for extra minutes , and ...
I have the same problem . The players are really very skilful . I wish I could play that well .
The survey said that the low , income groups eat more junk food on a daily basis .
Oh , good ! We can all get together again .
You're welcome . I'd like you to join us for dinner again sometime .
Thomas , would you be so kind as to lay the table for me ? I'm busy in the kitchen .
It ' s freezing in here ! Can I turn up the heat ?
Yes , I would have to agree with you . It seems to offer more options than the others . But new product sometimes has a few troubles . How about yours ?
Playing tennis twice a week will be a good start . Count me in .
Well , you've got to prepare a lot of food and enough sleeping bags then .
Before next Friday .
What's the chef's specialty ?
Yes , I think So .
I read something like that once . I think it was , ' Life is in the breath . '
Oh , sorry .
How can you stay so calm ? Aren't you going to take a look to see if there is anything for you ?
It costs more than you think to run a car---especially when there are so many things wrong with it !
I am sorry , ma ' am . Our general manager is not in town . But I ' d be more than glad to get you our assistant manager , if you like . But I am afraid that he will say the same thing . We have very clear instructions about valuables and we must follow them . And now if you will excuse me , I'll go and find our assistant manager for you .
I hate to tell you this , but it seems that every shred of evidence that would help us to convict were destroyed in a laboratory fire . There's nothing left . I'm so sorry ...
How are you feeling today ?
What are you going to do ?
Yes . But he doesn't care . I really wouldn't want to move , but I simply can ' t stand him .
Oh , SHUT UP !
I see . By the way , should I write the educational background starting from elementary school ?
Yeah , my head hurts , that ' s all . I ' Ve been in physics class all day . It ' s killer !
May I ask where you live ?
Stop your nonsense ! Quick . Let ' s leave the place !
Oh , really . That is great news . What does he look like ?
It's my style . Will it be resistance to balling ?
She is beautiful .
Oh , I know . When is it ?
hi . Could you give me a hand with this report ?
Sure . Can we use it in Today Supermarket ?
I want the chocolate one . I want to have it the big waves .
Hi , I'm Susan Jackson .
Black . Classic .
I will , but please hurry .
I would love a really sticky cinnamon bun .
Some woman in here when I tried to register three weeks ago . She said I just had to pay a late fee .
Do I need to buy them ripe , or will they ripen at home ?
No , we haven't even gotten a nibble today .
Thank you for your love and care over the years . I love you so much .
What kind is most durable , please ?
I have to see my daughter .
Excuse me , could you help me ?
And what's the cause of that ?
I don't know . Maybe it's broken .
I will sometime . Thanks for the advice .
First of all , I need to share what the purpose of a home inspection is . Do you understand what I was doing there ?
No , they're not quite what I want . Sorry to trouble you .
I'd really like a salad with chicken .
They ' re dark gray .
I can smell smoke !
People went out and looted ?
I like to drive on freeway .
you know , usually the woman is in her thirties and she is a left girl .
I see . How is it paid ? I mean , what payment methods are possible ?
Excuse me . I would like to book a table at 13:00 .
You're so careless , Billy .
Yeah , yeah , it was really interesting . You know , I'm in a bit of a hurry , but here ' s my card . We should definitely meet up again and continue our discussion .
When can we expect you for dinner ? Can you come tonight ?
Oh , I am sorry sir . I forgot to explain that to you . This one is an allowance slip . We made a mistake in your bill and overcharged you 120 dollars . So we had to write up an allowance slip and deduct 120 dollars from your bill .
Well , let me call the shoe department to see if they ' Ve found a passport . Sorry , your passport hasn't turned up there either .
Yes , orange juice will be fine for me . But how can you get the drink ? It's so crowded there around the counter . You can barely move .
Hello , Lina . I'm calling about your new PIN scheme . I'm new to all of this , so some of my questions may sound a little ignorant ...
What degree will you receive ?
Russian is my second foreign language and I excelled the rest of my class in Russian because my father is a Russian .
Yes . Something non-alcoholic , please .
All right . I'll see you next time .
I see . We offer Agent Services free of charge here . Before your new business begins trading , we could , on behalf of your existing company , do a series of registration and get the certificates you need . If you are unsure of the local laws , that is .
Not much . But there is a lot of traffic . I can't stand the noise sometimes ! Where do you live ?
I don't know , she didn't say . I'm so sorry about this .
I am not sure . What's the difference between them ?
Don't be so modest . I'm sure you can dance it very well . Let's dance it now .
Congratulations , guy .
I'm confused . Why did he say that ?
I'm sure you'll enjoy yourselves .
Not so bad , but Kevin does have problems with his wife .
On May 11th .
How do you do , Prof . Smith .
how's your assistant manager getting on ?
I've looked for , but I didn't see any black ink .
Then we'll return to the hotel and come back , will you change the appointment ?
Our computers have a high level of quality now . We can demonstrate it . And our prices will be good . So I think it will really be worthwhile .
Because you seem to have lost your vigilance . You should be on the watch out .
Yes , sir , it's $ 20 .
Yesterday . I didn't even know it was coming . He just told me he found someone else .
Of course . I made apple pie this morning , so it ' s lovely and fresh .
It can't be that bad .
No , not at all . I was just calling to tell you that everything has been checked and double checked , and there is no problem with the documents you brought in this morning .
It's one of my favorite bakeries .
I don't understand of myself . It seems they have to save money .
I don't know . I know there are advantages to joining , but I'm not much into group stuff .
I can see that . But why are you reading advertisements for houses for sale ? Are you buying a house ?
Then you must despise such modern music as rock ?
Yes , I am . I really don ' t know anyone .
You are welcome . Good luck .
Hi , I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won ' t be working till tomorrow . A technician has just come and checked it . He will bring me a new one tomorrow . It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing . Can I use the one in your office ?
I want to immigrate to the States because my daughter works and lives there .
These are beautiful ! Is this the marvelous landscape in Guiling ?
Don't touch it with your stick . It's a bumble bees ' hive . Get down the ladder . Be quick .
let's get started with this game then .
I am sure I can get a 95 this time .
Which one do I choose ? I don ' t want to give up , but I really feel tired .
Oh , yes . I reviewed your estimate . But it seems like the project blueprint you sent with the estimate is not quite what we had in mind . Did you get a copy of the specs for this project ?
Hopefully , I ' ll get accepted to UCLA .
No , I'd rather have a glass of juice , please . What kinds do you have ?
Wow , that's unbelievable ! You play so well , but you've never been to a real teacher . You will definitely be famous in the near future .
How would you describe your ideal job ?
B , talking about salary is not smart . You are a new manager and you'd better learn more professional skills .
You'll see it's black and has burnt smell .
Fund info , the fund code , fund net value per unit , fund public info , fund account balance , fund trading conformation , daily details and the history . With our Net Banking , anything is possible !
What else I've got to do ? Join the army ?
That's true . I know that there are lots of popular restaurants and coffee shops around there .
She's fairly tall , maybe 2 inches taller than me .
How about a party at home ? That way we can get together and celebrate it .
Any plans tonight ?
Let's keep in touch .
Never mind . After all he is not so attractive as Yao Ming , right ?
You do realize that it isn't humanly possible for us to finish by next week ?
I can't find proper parking space .
Oh ! That's much hetter than I did .
It'll pop up , but it won't connect to a webpage .
Thanks a lot . Here's ten yuan . Keep the change .
Right . Stop thinking about it . Where do you think we can save more money ?
Hey , I play basketball with a bunch of friends twice a week . It's great exercise and it's fun too . Why don't you come out and play with us ?
Please explain because it makes no sense to me . How can a girl ' s routine be so complicated ? You get up , you shower , you get dressed , you brush your teeth , you ' re out the door . Half an hour , tops .
May I show you gold ones or platinum ones ?
Well , the way you drive , Jen ... I still don't think that's a good idea .
Who are we going to play with today ?
I was on a diet and exercised daily .
I am sure I'll enjoy some real chinese food then .
Next time you see him , please tell him I'm thinking of him .
Yes , perhaps . Chinese usually don ' t notice that sort of thing . Maybe it ' s quite natural to us .
Hi , Mr . Zhang . What ' s wrong ? You don ' t look so happy . How was your date ?
Look at the girls in the street . They all have a bunch of flowers . Is it Valentine's Day ?
That'll be no problem .
Okay , I'll take the roses .
Hi . Can I help you , sir ?
Please keep the change .
I'd be happy to do something new .
Tom has grown six inches within a year .
Well , I'm trying to buy some foreign currency for my holiday .
Is everything alright ?
What did you need ?
Of course not , I appreciate that .
Yeah , I cherish it . Because I have been working like a dog for two months to buy it .
Sure ! They are very fresh , first of all . We sell at a bargain , and you make a wise purchase if you buy them today . Eighty cents only , a piece .
Hi , Peter . I didn't see you last night . Where did you go ?
I ' Ve studied home decoration as a hobby . Could I make some suggestions ?
I just went to bed !
Would Chablis be all right ?
No , thank you . I don't need any skirts .
I tried when you had gone , but I had no luck .
To which gate do I need to go to catch connecting flight 707 to New York City ?
Hello sir , welcome to Pistolera restaurant . May I take your order ?
Oh , no . It's already February 5th .
Yes , could you use plastic bags ?
Now , is there any warranty with this ?
I think the guarantee's just run out . Let me check . Oh , it's OK . We took out an extended warranty , it runs until next March .
I know you love the Oscars . This game has some great questions about all types of movies .
Did you know there was a blackout last night ?
I wish to order 100 sets of hifi . Do you have this service ?
Yes , we will have to dispose of them .
Hum ... OK . I will take it .
I ' Ve done that . The doctor advised me to cut out smoking and drinking .
Yes , I've just come back from Scotland .
I want to send this small parcel to Canada .
Here , Let me get the door for you .
Go ahead , have a try and be a joke .
Well , direct ones are the pollution directly from factories , refineries waste treatment plants etc . , aren ' t they ?
I'm sorry to hear that . Well , I heard that registered urban unemployment rate reached 4 percent this year , with more than half being women .
Well , I don't ... anymore .
I think watching them is a great way to learn English .
You peel the onions and wash them , then chop them .
Ha , she is unstoppable . I'm learning so much from her .
What makes you think you would be a success in this position ?
Don't you know about Kentucky's ?
Yes , that's true . Damn ! I just lost half my paper , and now I can't even do my homework . This is a bad time for this to happen .
That ' s right . They tastes so good ! We eat them with mint sauce . Have you every tried them ?
7880 Crofton Avenue , Building 40A , Room 304 .
What in your opinion can be done to stop smoking ?
Get real . Don't be so pathetic .
What are my options ?
Ten percent ! Now that ' s hefty !
Absolutely . Thanks for coming Rebecca . Goodbye .
Come on . You know , you can never really win . The salesperson never loses . They make their living out of it .
We produce household cleaning products - detergents and so on . They are all phosphate-free , which minimises damage to the environment .
I need to speak with you about your daughter .
how did your interview go ?
Remind him to give you a locker tomorrow .
I was in the bank at the time of the robbery .
I understand . It's good you came to the emergency room .
Could you please sign the back of the card ?
That ' s the way to go .
Yes , the fried chicken is too hard to eat . I suggest you bring me another one free of charge .
Fine , thanks . I will go to Mainland China for a business trip tomorrow , and I want to change some Hong Kong dollars into Renminbi .
That's horrible . Was that the first time you'd shown up late to work ?
Well . What ' s the climate like in your country ?
We hope that our cooperation will continue .
Anyway , I'd like to change our room .
that's true . What about Lisa ? I bet there's nobody who could do a worse job than her .
You have to pay it off before you can check out more books .
Yes , it is . The sun is shining . There is no wind , only a pleasant breeze .
Look at this one . It has a radio and cassette player and built in speakers .
And I suppose I can do that anywhere ? I do have to travel a lot for my job and it's such a hassle using cash and collecting all the separate receipts .
I bet . Why not go over and talk to her ? She's really nice .
Sure , why not ? I could use a rest .
What is its national anthem ?
I bought a new mattress and some fresh bedclothes . I also bought a new dressing table and a new bedside table .
Yes , but he should bush it off as if it were not a big deal to him .
I think you are an excellent person . Honestly speaking , you are very suitable for this job
Oh , right . So , I can ' t quite follow what ' s going on ... who ' s winning ?
Hello again . What can I do for you today ?
Is everything OK ?
Mr . : There are two things that you'll need to know .
Right now , many girls are dyeing there hair blond .
yes , it's my new business phone . Do you like it ?
Well , I spent a lot of money on getting my shirts tailor-made , so I couldn't afford to buy any new ties .
No . He had a mask on .
What's your comment on his new album ?
Hi , Mike . Haven't seen you for a while . How's Cathy ?
I don't really like sci-fi movies because they're always really weird .
O . K . Mr . Smith . Thanks for calling .
A single room with a front view is 100 dollars per night , one with a rear is 80 dollars .
OK , I'll listen to you .
Well , the garbage disposal doesn ' t work , we have rats , and the toilet is backed up .
In the kitchen , with his wife by his side he still puts on quite a dinner time show .
It's $ 180 .
No . It isn't .
Tell me where you need to get on at .
Yeah , the sport is affordable and accessible to every Tom , Dick and Jane in this developing country . No wonder even the state leaders are known to be keen on it .
You're right . I'm not going to play games during school anymore .
Where are my shoes ?
Yes . We have . We chose the location in the northeast of the city , not too far from the airport and on the edge of the CBD .
Oh my lord . I haven't really started them .
Hello , Mike , long time no see . How's everything going ?
In ten dollar bill , please .
This is Liu Fang speaking .
I'd like to put some valuables inside , you know , documents and jewellery , things like that .
Look , I've already paid for the tickets , so whether you like it or not we're going to finish watching it .
Washing clothes at a Laundromat costs a lot less money .
that's great news ! You look much more relaxed than you did yesterday .
Good morning , Miss Mandy . How are you today ?
I haven't even told you what it is yet !
What do you usually write about ?
Yes , we talked about it and thought it was better and significantly quicker to ask the company to pay a Discrepancy Fee .
Going to the cafeteria ?
How much are you asking for every month ?
I think the starting salary for a salesperson is between 1,500 - 2,000 Yuan . But the specific number will be determined according to your sales .
No tipping ? Now that's what I call a civilized system .
Oh ... I don ' t know .
Yes , five years ago . I began to work in a fashion company in Shanghai . Two years ago , I came to Beijing , and worked in a department store as a salesman .
Be careful !
It's ok . It seems we have a lot in common .
Let me see . Yes , you can have Room 313 . It's at the back .
Last weekend , while they were on the Sik trip .
We have that available .
Fine , Mr . Grant . Thanks for your time .
Call me Mr . Smith .
I have no idea yet . Do you have any suggestions ?
No . I don ' t think that ' s possible . Some places are sure to be open .
Yeah . Why not ?
Don't worry . The bus tour is really worth while . You can enjoy the whole city in a single day .
How do you do , Ms . Yang . You speak very good English .
It's too hot to read .
yes , I was just wondering how you and your roommate were planning on coming to my place .
What is it that you need to do ?
Mum , I have something for you today .
Let me see ... I am sorry the tables you want are booked .
I don ' t know why there ' s a problem .
Elvis Presley . Don't you recognize his voice ?
It's a bit . But I can give you a discount .
It ' s alright , I will take you through the procedure . Are you transferring funds to a company or an individual account ?
Sounds fine to me . Whatever , let's enjoy this pond first .
That ' s right . We ' ll finish them just in time . The Macy project can wait for the time being . We need to spend several days on that project , but it isn ' t due to be finished until the end of the month , so we have plenty of time to get it done .
I think you should definitely apply for the position .
That ' s it , my lease is up . I have to move .
Hey ! Where are you going ... ?
Who's playing ?
So there isn't air in the glass boxes ?
Yes . We ' Ve signed two contracts with companies that we already do work for in other countries . We hope to sign another three this month .
That's fine , but do you have your receipt with you ?
Well , then . Let me put on my thinking cap for a moment .
Oh , no filet ? Okay , porterhouse will be fine then .
It sounds good , and how about its quality ? We only look for the best .
No , that ' s not all your fault .
You have to go and fix it .
Very Good . I will let him know as soon as he comes back . But , may I have your name , please ?
To encourage the staff increases .
And lots of " Dear Abby " sob stories ...
how about individual games like the Rubik's cube or solitaire ?
Damn it ! I think I'm going to miss the plane .
It's in a dungeon , under a castle .
It's about the quality of 300 cartons of dried mushrooms . They reached us two weeks ago , and were immediately examined after they arrived . To our astonishment , about 20 % of them were moldy and in many cartons there were even small brownish bugs crawling in and out of the half eaten mushrooms . We can't accept them in this state . They are unfit for human consumption . And the Medical Officer of Health has issued a Stop Notice on them .
What about the interior ?
OK . How about some fried spring rolls and squid balls , some pork skins , and some beer !
Could I list my interests and special skills next ?
Here is my card .
No . That's all , I guess .
You ' ll only have to pay the initial fee .
This is how you turn on the computer .
I ought to make the most of it while I'm here , don't you think ?
It ' ll just take me a moment to cancel your account .
I'm sorry to hear it . What's wrong with her ?
Don't mention it . Just a little thing I did .
Speaking of The X-files , it's on right now !
I ' m glad to meet you , Mr . Song .
Yeah go ahead , forks , spoons and knives . I roasted some meat so be sure to put out some steak knives as well .
Do you still remember Justin ?
I ' m in , let ' s go !
Why not ? It sounds great .
It's very thought-provoking , isn't it ?
Yes . We charge 50 cents for iced water .
We should have a word with him .
I'm on my way .
Well , to encourage future business , I'm prepared to reduce the price by 10 % . We can't go any further .
you ' re kidding ! How did that happen ?
I'm having a little trouble with this form .
Who has been here already this morning ?
Yeah . Last semester .
Please pull your vehicle over to the side of the road . Please roll down your window .
well , that's part of the problem . His probation period is up tomorrow and I don't think he's ready to pass .
I broke my sister's mirror . I'm sure it'll get her back up . I really don't know how I can escape the punishment .
Do you have any idea how many you'd like ?
Oh , I'm busy then . Can we meet a little later ?
Sorry , not before 10:30 .
Things happen ; make sure it doesn't become a habit .
I was , but then I discovered you can find out everything for free on the internet , so I ' m not a member now .
What kind of food will they be serving ?
Why not ? We're supposed to meet him there .
You can suck a candy or pinch your nose gently while breathing out . That shall help .
That's not very much .
3000 RIB as bonus for each person .
Are you in favor of having a trip during the spring break ?
Does Jim need to make more money ?
I agree , I had lunch there last week .
How's your thesis going ?
Do you think the plane will leave without me ?
We have two cleaning ladies . But both of them have received little education .
ok . We should get a few tins of tuna . Anything else ?
How many workers are there on the lines ?
See you soon .
It wasn't very expensive either .
How's your son these days ?
The salary will be deposited into the bank on the 15th every month . Your salary will be raised every year in October , depending on your performance .
I can do that . Is there a special way you want them washed ?
I usually ride my bike . Which form of transport do you prefer to use ?
Hello , Finn . I did a wonderful job and I was employed . How about you ?
Are you sure you want me to cut it that short ?
ID ? What's that ?
I can't afford to miss my 9:40 flight .
They did .
Dying can be very expensive nowadays ! What ' s he going to do with it ?
Do you feel like a king in your castle ?
I am sure they will be pleased .
May I suggest you consider buying him a DVD player instead ?
Why they hold a flour war ?
That ' s really great , jill . So , what do you do there exactly ?
Nice to meet you Mr . Li . We have learned about that you specialize in the export business of electronic products . As you enjoy the highest reputation in the commercial circle , we'd be please to enter into business relations with your firm .
About the same .
Where's the bowl gone ?
When was the company founded ?
I think it ' s a distance of 180 kilometers from here to London , so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway .
Please tell us the exact time when the big fire broke out .
... sorry , her line is busy at the moment . Can I take a message ?
Are they window seats or aisle seats ?
I guess I could take a break . So , how do you like Denver ?
What are you going to do about the money in your account ?
I'll see you there at 9pm .
There are lots of things , such as postcards , key chains , posters and various arts and crafts .
Tell me where you live .
I took Accounting as my major .
Well , I'd like to buy a watch .
Yes , they seem to be my size and go with my shirt quite well . I will take it .
You can ask me questions , if you ' d like .
Take care of yourself and don't forget to keep in touch .
I heard you're getting married , James . Congratulations !
Oh , no , France isn't an island . It is located in the western part of the European continent . But France does have many fine harbors and port cities on its southern and western coasts . Does Japan have good harbors ?
It's huge .
DEL is the best choice .
She's got a gorgeous complexion with a few freckles on her nose .
Well , it has got low mileage . The tires are in perfect condition and it's in excellent shape .
Did you get a copy of the Herald too ?
Well , it's a long way and there is roadwork near Broadway . I am not sure I can snake it in half an hour .
Yes , some countries may use some of the unnecessary health rules to exclude foreign food .
What did you do to get his goat ?
What do you have in foundation ?
Hi , where have you been ?
Your price is rather high . We cannot accept it . Can you bring the price down a little ?
Froth ?
It will be . And today is , too . I just talked to the airlines ...
Not too bad , thanks . And you ?
I can't decide what to get .
Right ! Glad to see you here .
Can I get a cheeseburger and some fries ?
Yes , I went there five years ago . You were still a baby at that time .
The re-examination results indicate that one-third of the goods are not up to standard .
Oh , I see . She told me that she had learned very quickly how to pour oil on troubled waters , but not to pour oil on the flame .
You should take a look at all the companies , choose your favorite ones , go over to talk with the interviewer and leave your resume in the end .
Oh ! How could I forget such an important holiday ?
I don't like this movie . It's a bomb .
That would really help me a lot . I'm very grateful .
Hello there , Sir . I've dealt with you before , haven't I ?
Pleased meet you , too , Mr . Dou .
Yes , that's what I plan to do . Except I won't make the chicken soup . Right now I don't think I could swallow more than a spoonful of it .
Not very long from the looks of it !
It's 800 US dollars per kilo CIF five percent Hamburg .
Oh , tell me about it . Anything interesting ?
Well , we are only responsible for the retirement pension . About the unemployment compensation , this will be given by the government .
Well , it has a cassette record ... a cassette tape .
' The sound of music ' . This music is known by everybody and is suitable for all ages . It is about a happy family without sex , violence or bad language .
No , no problem . I have my car in the parking ramp around the corner .
have you ever been in an earthquake ?
Have you found anything yet ?
We always contact you by phone to come in if there is a need for follow-up .
Why ? They have everything here .
Well , each room is 40 dollars a week .
Many exporters speak French and German as well .
Don't I have any rights ?
I don't think so . In Korea some marriages break up , but most couples stay together .
Well , perhaps , another time .
Thank you , ma'am . Would you like to use it until May 20th ?
I want to have a foot massage and a haircut .
About 3-4 % of the gross sales .
Excuse me , sir . Could you take a photo for us ? Just press this button .
that's right . Do you have any experience in management ?
And I ' m trying to watch the game , but you ' re yapping on about your new clothes !
May I come in ?
Yeah , but grease and flour it first so the cake won't stick to it when it bakes .
Until this investigation is finished , will I have to pay for the charge ?
no , what is it ?
I will be accompanying you on your tour today to visit our company . This is the assembly line . These drawings on the wall are process sheets . They describe clearly how each process goes on to the next step .
Have you gotten any interviews yet ?
the diet sodas don't have any caffeic in them , which one would you like ?
I just got a telegram from Margaret and Greg .
Oh . You took the wrong bus . You need to take Bus 151 which goes the opposite direction .
Sure . How do you like your money ?
OK . Let ' s go over there . For the Lantern Festival , you should never omit the Yuanxiao .
Well you know , claiming that your grandmother is sick is the classic excuse used to get out of doing something .
Expiration date ?
And do you have any medicine for airsickness ?
Totally . Computers bring with them convenience . Oh , what's wrong ?
We have various colors . How about this one ?
If you prefer wooden cases , we will provide them . But cardboard boxes are light , less expensive , and more convenient to handle in the course of packing and unpacking .
What would you like to order ?
But that way you're not savoring it .
What happened ? Did you break up ?
I met her last week at a party . Anyway , you must be from the United States ?
Yeah , it'll make a hit , I think . When will it be on , do you know ?
Is this the registration office ?
Oh , yeah , smarty-pants ? Over my dead body . Now , don't be such a brat and ...
do you have any plans for tomorrow night ?
I think you'll enjoy the food .
Well , I'm afraid we've had a slight delay .
It seems to be from chapter six to chapter ten .
I watched a very interesting documentary about plants yesterday evening . It was called unusual plants and looked at several species of plants from around the world which have unusual features .
Sure . What do you fancy ?
That's a good point . I'll make a note to increase it to 4 . 80 to make sure we can accept the new containers .
To tell you the truth , I don ' t know if I ' m a Christian or not . Christians don ' t often share the same belief . But I believe that we all possess , by the grace of God , the potential to create fantastic changes on this earth .
I had the same experience with you . When I was a little boy I dreamed to be a great scientist . But now you see , I'm just a common office clerk .
Harry is a hen-pecked husband .
I ' m sorry , Janice . But we ' Ve been waiting on the client . It ' s out of our hands at the moment .
That was it ! Thank you for coming in today .
You are very late , but I was on pins and needles the whole time .
yeah , I'll call her later to patch things up .
I'm afraid playing the chess like that will soon make me an old man . I noticed that most chess players were bald .
Yes , I think you're right . I'm thinking about having a child , but not just yet .
I know . You have to decide if you want to attend a school in a city or in the country , a big school or a small school , a public or private school ...
We can't put up with it any more .
Do you have any suggestions ?
He got the scholarship to Harvard .
What about your beautiful bathing suit ? We shopped all day . Don't you want to show it off ?
Do you think I can take a picture through this window ?
Is this something that you could schedule for another time ?
Now , Mr . William , a little personal information first , are you married ?
Yeah , this place looks great . Wow , look at her , she can certainly get down , can't she ?
Gas and water are included .
Why are you going out with Andy ?
Hi Jack , I'm working on these documents . The manager wants them for half an hour .
that's nice . Do you know you can get one at the wholesale market near the zoo for a much lower price ?
I will go out of my way to catch the attention of the interviewer .
( while shaking hands ) I am Zhang Wei , nice to meet you , sir .
What do you want me to do with that paper over there ?
Oh , great . That's just my luck ! I hate those arty movies .
Is anybody here with you ? Parents or siblings ?
Yes , that's my only day off until Thursday .
All I usually have is some cereal for breakfast .
Okay . Input your pin number , please . Sign here .
I want to ask you a couple questions .
I've told him how to do that several times , but he's never listened to me .
Absolutely . Now I understand why he responded that way .
that ' s a good idea . Put your keys in the ignition , start it up , put the car in reserve , wait for the road to be clear , and then back out of the driveway .
Yes , I like the job though . Sometimes , I help other people in the office if they ' re having trouble online .
No , not really ... I ' m completely at a loss .
Why don ' t you marry Rose , then ?
Well . Let ' s go swimming .
I know that but he has to learn to be independent . He can't just keep living at home .
What are the dates , sir ?
Um , I'd really appreciate it if you send someone over to fix it today . It's really a bother . I can't cook or take a shower .
The girls in this magazine are so slender .
Yeah . Just pull on this strip . Then peel off the back .
Sure . Would you like go with me ?
I will . Enjoy your meeting !
Oh . Then I don't know what his number is . Can you check it for me ?
Is uncle Bill your brother ?
I am Smith , the personnel director . Please have a seat , son .
It's almost as if this food has been sitting a little too long . It doesn't seem fresh .
well , I was late to work today . It was the third time I was late this week .
First of all , we'll tailor a work-out plan according to your physical conditions and your personal needs .
Until 8 o'clock madam . We are looking forward to seeing you .
But I don ' t envy those who are filthy with dough . That ' s not the whole life .
Take the right road and walk ten minutes . You will see the Star Travel Agency .
I enjoy Thai or Japanese the best .
I ' m very sorry , Madam . Can you tell me what the problem is over the phone or would you like me to go to your office ?
Why ? This is a fair market price .
Well , I like to play darts . Whenever I go to a bar , I usually play for a few hours .
So , if for some reason I was having a bad month and spent a little too much I could just pay the minimum ?
Don't be silly . Let's go Dutch .
if you study hard , I don't see why you wouldn't . Have you received any other offers ?
What airline and what flight ?
Do you like traveling ?
You ' re right . I ' m being crazy ! Ok , I ' m ready , let ' s do this !
Then I will see you in my office at ten Wednesday morning .
Which country do you want to go to ?
I sometimes run late in the morning , and can't make breakfast .
Make it tighter . I want the blood stopped . Then wrap some bandages around the cut . Then we can go . Ouch ! I hope I can walk .
You could save a couple of dollars by taking it to the dump yourself , though .
And listen to this ! What do you think of sailing , swimming , windsurfing , and fishing ?
I'm just glad there were no complications .
Let's go to another place where my friend is working , let me pay here .
Really ? Do you often shop online ?
Sorry , I can't sing the song .
349-95- 8821 .
Seven dollars and fifty cents in all .
I'd like to reserve a room .
Thank you . Can I cancel my reservation ?
Oh yes ! Sometimes it rains very heavily . How about here in Beijing ?
Oh , no . Everything we sell here is ' as is . '
Actually I do .
You're flattering me .
What's the cost of the trousers ?
That doesn ' t sound too bad . I wish I could do it , but I work in the city . So I take the train .
Why can ' t I view it today ?
Great . Can you file in English ?
Certainly . I would recommend ' Songshuguiyu ' .
Yes , please do .
But , I don't believe in taking pills to get enough vitamins .
OK , by the way , fill the gas tank when you return the car .
Well . Could I try it on ?
May I recommend the popular route ? It's a seven days ' trip and cost $ 500 .
Can I see your ID ?
That seems a bit unstable don ' t you think ?
$ 500per light ? ! That's ridiculous ! It can't possibly be that expansive !
And how much did it cost to rent it ?
Your family must be busy shopping for Christmas , now .
What does CABS stand for ?
Good morning , sir , where are you going ?
I see . Is this the marvelous landscape in Guiling ?
Are there paid holidays ?
You see , I have these Euros , and of course they are of no use to me at the moment . So I'd like to save them in my account , but I'm not sure how to go about it .
Congratulations ! You do have the right attitude .
I'm afraid our hotel is fully booked on that night . Is it possible for you to change your reservation date ?
Yes , not only a good way to keep in shape , but a good way to relieve stress as well . While you're stressed out by your commute , I'm releasing all the stress of the day with mine .
That's great . How much is it to the airport
Of course I will .
Actually , that's what a lot of parents in Taiwan say to their kids .
Yes , I must go to Shanghai to attend a meeting about our plan .
I like the soy sauce chicken .
All right , then let's begin .
I had a stomachache .
Much as I ' d like to , I am afraid i wont be free next week , I have a lot of work .
Yes , I also felt that . I'm always busy , and have no time for rest . I don ' t know how to make use of time .
Thanks , Vivian .
He has been keeping bach after divorce .
That sounds all right .
Now , I've finished . How do you like it ?
Thank you very much . Now , sir , do you have a credit card ?
All right , Ma'am . I will run that charge for you . And then I will get your address in a moment
In my spare time , I am fond of traveling and I always take a trip with my family .
I hope you enjoy your dinner .
It is really gorgeous out today . I remembered the weatherman said it is supposed to rain .
There must be a mistake . Those are fried oysters . Would you like to keep it or change ?
Please tell me how to file things according to the concerned rules .
You are a better judge . I don't know the play well enough .
You fiend . It's about the flavor , not the fix . Why don't you just crush some caffeine pills and start doing lines ?
Have a pleasant stay in Britain .
I hope it will last fine Sorrow . I'm going to have a picnic with my family .
You know , I could really go for that . You don ' t mind being my wingman for tonight ?
Please fill in the slip , stating the exact amount you wish to withdraw .
what sort of music do you like ?
She ' s going to live in Paris .
What information will be in that letter ?
Yeah , my wife likes that one , too . Personally , I prefer action movies .
Yes . I ' Ve bought all the things to go in it . It won ' t take long to make . How many people are coming to the party ?
I really enjoyed the food .
I appreciate your help , but I think I'll look around a bit .
It sounds like Bob's getting out of bed .
Gravy ! Jim is such a jive turkey man . He is always hitting me up for cash . Anyway , you wanna book and go grab some grub ?
Do you have a sleeping problem ?
It ' s rather cold . Isn ' t it
I want a book on physics . Could you show me where I can find it ?
I love the museums , too .
There wasn't really anything that I could do . There's always been a lot of bad blood between my manager and myself . If I had said anything , he would have fired me for sure .
Thank you for your kindness , ma'am . See you next Monday .
Yes , we are . Could we have the check please ?
That's a hard time . The air is cold and damp , and the road is often icy .
Don't forget to call your host mother to tell her .
Of course You get a coupon for every 3 bags of sugar .
They always push the time . How many of them are over fifty ?
That ' s what I ' Ve heard . But as far as I ' m concerned , it takes a genius to figure it out . Can you pass the sugar , please ?
Yes , I have that .
Oh , I must be going now ; it was nice talking with you .
Well , you can come to a work-in clinic today . You do not need an appointment .
Wow ! Great ! Where ?
Well , how did you like the show ?
That sounds an interesting job , Bob .
They are popular in and out of our department . Fred is easygoing , while David is cautious in working .
So I stopped drinking coffee late at night instead .
Hurry up , Benjamin ! Pass the ball to me . I'm good at shooting .
I do not like the play with complicated plot . What's on today ?
Would you like any toast , dear ?
Then what do we do ?
That will be a throw in for Brazil . Adriano has the ball and makes a long pass to Robin , and the ref has called him offside .
Here's your ticket .
What exactly does that mean ?
she looked sweeter than her pictures .
I am still working for now , but I might get laid off .
How about Daniel ?
Yes , this is my overseas travel accident insurance card .
I do wish I could lose weight .
At nine thirty-six . And the nine eighteen gets to London at nine fifty-five , the ten thirty-two at eleven nine .
Mr . black has been getting a little around aside .
Well . Maybe I'll go alone then . I really don't want to miss it .
Well , you can ' t give her granny panties . Have you thought about getting her somesleepwear ? We ' Ve got these lovely , silky nighties . Or , how about a nice panty-and and-bra set . Look , here ' s a nice satin push-up bra , and you can choose a few different styles of undies to go with it .
Jill , how do you like your new job ?
Congratulations . But have you heard the proverb that if one gets married too hurriedly one may regret it for a long time ?
Would you consider an offer of $ 56,000 per year ?
Can I pay my bill here ?
That is OK . Here is 20 dollars and you can keep the change .
That ' s OK . Thank you for seeing me .
How did you get wind of the rumor ?
in my country , there ' s a time limit on the advertisements that can be shown . I think it ' s about six minutes per hour .
I'm glad you like it .
Ok , thanks , David . You ' Ve helped me a lot .
I'm catching the 11:00 train .
Could you help me figure out why I am missing my unemployment check for this week ?
Do you already know how to play an instrument ?
I'd rather take stewed cabbage with beef .
no mistakes in a tango Donar . not like life , simple , that will make the tango so great . if you make a mistake , you'll get all tango done . just tango along . why don't you try ? will you try it .
I'll go through the materials that you have given me and return shortly . Thanks .
It's a really useful piece of equipment . It's for smoothing rough edges . Here let me show you how it works . It's very simple to operate .
Make acknowledgments as well when the interviewer thinks highly of your dressing , experience , or words .
Maybe I'd better call an ambulance .
No problem , we pay 3,000 RIB per month . Plus a 20 % commission on all , a company car and other benefits . All travelling expenses will be reimbursed by the company . Do you have any other questions ?
Hi , is Heather there please ?
What a nuisance ! Every time I plan to go canoeing or camping , a storm comes along . The sky gets dark , the wind starts to howl and the temperature drops . Well , I'd better stay home .
Trust me , regular tune ups will keep your car running smoothly and avoid break downs .
That's true . I should make sure my wife and baby stay healthy during this time .
Yeah , or the expensive Italian facial treatments .
Do you have any plans for the New Year holiday ?
Well , I quit and gained it back plus 5 pounds .
Wow ! That's expensive .
Let me get that package .
Sorry , right now we can only have you a room without shower .
No , not much . In fact , nothing ever really happens . That's the trouble .
If you detect any difference , I'll take you out to dinner .
It's bulldog 123 .
Believe me , you really look much better than before .
My field is electronic engineering . Which country do you think I should go ?
You might consult your bank and see if you could reduce the required deposit to a minimum .
Did you read this ? It says that the number one new years resolution make is to spend more time with friends and family .
I think there must be .
What an interesting idea , Ms . Wilson . Would you also be willing to accept a cut in initial salary ?
That means that I can't use my phone and the internet at the same time , right ?
Two adult passes , please .
Oh , no . I couldn ' t possibly .
Hmm , I must be getting absent-minded .
Actually , what bothers me is the violence . There are far too many detective and police shows .
Oh , gag me ! She's totally gross !
Do you mean girly ?
no , of course not . Go ahead .
Thanks you .
Maybe . I'll have to ask my mother .
I heard you were promoted to general manager of IBM's China Headquarters .
That ' s good . Maybe you ' ll get promoted .
Just a minute . It's ten to nine by my watch .
Hi , Nancy . How are you doing ?
Where are you going to spend your holidays this year , Tom ?
Okay , let's go to the cafeteria .
Sure thing , Johnny . Watch out for dishpan hands there , kid !
I couldn't agree with you more .
I apparently owe some fees , but I never got the bank statement .
Bob refused all his classmates ' invitation .
Oh , I have got it . How nice are the singers singing !
Well , I'll cancel your appointments for today . And I'll tell Mr . Morley .
You mean I won't get a raise until recession ends ?
Where ?
This broth is wonderful . What's in it ?
You do allow pets , don't you ?
I will help to prepare food , feed animals and clean up . I ' m very excited about it now .
I'm supposed to work on a paper that'd due on Monday .
Oh , yeah , they get to be in a movie for the whole world to see !
How long will you be staying ?
Did you give him a nose ?
Won't it be dangerous ?
Thanks , that's would be lovely . You'r right , he is kind and nice looking .
Actually , studies have shown that people who have one-half a glass of alcohol per day do better than those who don ' t drink .
Ok . People decorate their houses , place a Christmas tree in the room and maybe sing a Christmas carol together .
Do you want to bet ?
Well , honey , I can teach you how to plant them if you want to learn .
Great , we have to walk now .
Books , cosmetics , daily necessities , even large electrical appliance can be ordered from online-stores .
Good . See you later .
We have movie channel packages .
Is living in a particular school district important to you ?
How about taking the damaged portion at a lower price ?
What about going to Xi'an ?
Have people set foot on its peak ?
Yes , everything will be cleared .
May I have a magazine or a newspaper please ?
Of course , my father used to take me to Kiang Shan or somewhere like that as a child .
Poor cat .
Well , we've got some great mangoes on sale .
There's a check for two hundred dollars and a photograph .
No , not that long . Two more stops , and you'll get off , sir .
Very good . It's done just right this time , thank you .
That's wonderful . Congratulations .
No way . I'd rather go to another movie house .
Then have you received any award at your present company ?
It all sounds exquisite ! I can ' t wait !
Copy this report for me .
May I have a look at it ?
We didn't pay attention to the environment , cut down trees and polluted the air .
Sorry , I can ' t hear you . Could you please speak up a little ?
That sucks . You wanna go grab a beer ?
That's a good word to describe it .
It's a pity they didn't take the tele . We need a new one . Anyway we can claim for all this from the insurance company .
I know loads of people who play it regularly . There are plenty of golf courses around the country . In the past , only a tiny number of people played .
Is it true that you have a heavy work schedule ?
Yes . Sour soup of Sichuan style . It's our chef ' s recommendation .
Jane , I was wondering if you you had any plans for saturday afternoon .
Yes . I would like a ticket to Pakistan on CA .
I borrowed it from Mike yesterday . Why not have a try ?
Fine , thank you , and you ?
Do you have a lot of clothes that need to be washed ?
Dad , how do you say this word ?
I prefer it to working independently . I think most people do .
I have your catalog here . Do you want me to tell you the item numbers , or the names ?
New furniture makes a room seem so fresh . I see that you also bought a new lamp for your bedside table .
I'm not sure if we've got any now . Books of that kind are on this shelf . Well , I'm afraid we've sold out .
I am the HR manager of the ABC Company . You are on the list of interviewees . Would you please come over to have an interview ?
Yes , it seems to have been discounted from two hundred and thirty-five thousand to two hundred and twenty-five thousand
Come and see the kitchen .
You can either get dial-up or DEL .
Which air conditioner ?
I ' m going to check out tomorrow . Then we ' ll be back in a week ' s time . Can I leave my luggage here .
Uh , yes , they are .
Yes , I guess you are right . So , do you need my passport ?
Well , the website handles a point system where if the seller does something wrong , people comment negatively and then you know that he or she may not be trustworthy .
Welcome to ABC Company . We have been expecting you , please have a seat . I will call him .
Hello , Bob , this is Frank .
Would any of them have dancing figures ?
You ' ll exert all your energy and get out of it .
Yes , I want to buy a VCR .
That's alright . Make sure everyone knows that we must stick to the new deadline .
thanks ; I ' ll give them a call later .
Where do they grow mangoes ?
so , how should we go to the theatre ?
Well , I would be happy to assist you in choosing the perfect gift for her . Is there anything particular that you have in mind ?
Yeah , I ' m going for a hike in the southern Rocky Mountains .
Right . And would you please forward our mail to this address ?
Would you mind helping us take a picture ?
Today you get a 50 - percent discount . They're only $ 1 each .
Graham , why are you always on the phone with Jane ?
So that leaves Friday . I don't have any obligations or commitments on Friday . How about you ?
Are you okay with me calling a plumber ?
Let's go to the lake and camp on the south side .
Then am I right in understanding that FPA doesn't cover partial loss for the nature of particular average .
With iced water , please .
I can't come until next week .
Mum , pass me some more please !
Doctor , I have a bad cough and a headache .
How do you do , Mr . Black ? Very happy to see you .
Typical Francis , whether you are at work , or engaged in leisure time activities , you always show the same eagerness and curiosity to learn something new and improve yourself .
Well , it's too bad that we like different kinds of movies . Maybe we're just different kinds of people .
It's moving so slow .
I ' d like to take tomorrow off if that ' s all right with you .
We ' re going to the movies . Will you join us ?
She told me that peter and she has a quarrel last nigh , and she left this morning , bag and baggage .
That's it . I am Maria Smith . You must be Zhang Lin from Tianjin Sports Facility Co . Ltd .
No , the galaxies sit more or less passively in the space around them . But not too much . As the space between galaxies expands , it carries the galaxies further apart - like raisins in an expanding dough .
Yes , I am applying on it .
I'm not exactly prepared right now . How about I go back to the office , get the relevant information and come back before closing ?
No ! It is not considered to be a national holiday here in the US , but in other countries it is .
We can get both at the cafeteria .
Really ? How long have you been playing the violin ?
How about the next one ?
Right here . See the scratch ?
yeah . We Chinese have quite different lifestyles and values from foreigners .
Would you cash these travelers ' checks , please ?
What are you hiding in your coat pocket ?
Sorry , I'm very near sighted .
What does it include ?
What's the admission charge ?
That cup is for a urine sample .
No , hiking boots . Brown ones .
Follow me , please .
Yes . What's your size ?
I saw your green post-it notes . Nobody else has them .
I am competent in using Word , Excel , Windows and other commonly used softwares .
Cooking makes me feel relaxed . So , what are we cooking ?
Don ' t worry . There ' s plenty of time yet .
Oh , hi , Leo . Sure , what ' s up ?
Wow , that would be very convenient . How much is the rent ?
Turtles ? Whatever ... Look , all that ' s required for the creation of matter an imbalance of particles and anti-particles . At least , that ' s what the math says .
I need your help , Bob .
You don ' t mind if I smoke , do you ?
Yeah , many of my all-time-favorites were made in the forties . They've already stood the test of time and will stay with us for a long time .
I'll have to think about it .
Do I need to take a bus ?
I ' m hungry , let ' s grab a bite to eat .
Can ' t you stay a little longer ?
Ah I see , yes you do sound rather croaky . Well let ' s have a look , shall we ? Could you please open your mouth and say ah .
Why not ? They are very fun and exiting .
It ' s easy enough . Just make sure you keep track of all your expenses . The accounting department will reimburse you for all your meals and travel expenses .
You know what really drives me crazy ? When I ask for soft boiled eggs , and they overcook them , so they come out hard boiled ! How can you dipyour toast into a hard boiled egg ?
Well , why don't you go and look down there ?
I'd like to do it , of course . But I just can't . I'm afraid I'd fall down in the middle of it .
Thank you . That's a good idea . she likes exciting books . Can you suggest another one ?
Hey Ted , I saw this ad in the paper . You should take a look .
Just a moment and I'll get your order right away . Sorry to cause the inconvenience .
Yes , we ' Ve got a reservation . The name is Ann .
Do you have any hobbies besides playing chess ?
Really ? Where does he live now ?
I'll give you mine too .
Well , it's not like my parents want me to live at home the rest of my life . They said that it's ok if I move back home to begin with , but they want me to find a place of my own after a year or so .
What do you mean ? We're talking now , aren't we ?
Rivers have created deep valleys and canyons like the grand can you .
Some what ?
I certainly can . If I can get some from the butcher ' s , I ' ll cook them for you .
What about listing my interests and affiliations next ?
Several of those civil wars have been going on for years and years . It seems they will never end .
But I don't know where the registration office is .
What's that supposed to mean ?
They could go out and play with their friends .
What was your GPA before this semester ?
Alright , alright . How did you cut this so bad ?
Don't you like to know anything about stocks ?
Do you have an account opened with this bank already ?
I'm serious , have you ?
Margaret Mitchell .
But it is not the right time .
I know , but I ' m really tired . My stomach feels funny .
I want to watch it , but I was already tired by the time it came on . I had a rest instead , then I watched the news at Channel 11 .
At nine sharp .
Mom , why do chinese people like to touch my head ? sometimes they even touch my cheeks .
Yes , this is a very popular car .
I know education is expensive , but it's been my lifelong dream . Call me crazy , but I've always wanted to have that PhD at the end of my name .
Where is Pamela ?
Okay , it'll be ready in two minutes .
May I have the key for Room 358 , please ?
If the weather stays nice perhaps we can go to the beach this weekend . It ' s been a while since I've not really gotten some sun .
I agree , but the maintenance team is fully stretched dealing with problems . We don't have time to carry out any preventive maintenance .
Do you have any more skirts in this style ? I would like to find a size larger .
Where is it made ?
Do you mean the exquisite golden necklace ?
I want to see all places of renown in Suzhou .
Great ! Work is really busy now , but it's fun .
As soon as possible . Do you have a flight tomorrow ?
I once went to Singapore by air . It was very exciting-but never again .
Anne Hathaway is in a new movie called Becoming Jane which is based on a true story about Jane Austen .
Here's your bill , sir . Could you please check it ?
All right . I'll have them .
What time do you usually go to bed ?
Well , the airport is quite far from the downtown area , but it is still more convenient than taking the train .
She's very nice .
Then a PC should be enough . Macintoshes are better for graphics , but they also cost a bit more .
I am in Nanjing University . I am a junior .
Quite a lot . All them one afternoon ?
That ' s a good way to think about it .
I will do .
Sorry , but I'm on my way out now . Could you come back in an hour ?
Yes . I have to call the property management .
Tell me what ' s the matter with you , Bill .
No way , if it still has 21 .
Absolutely . Several men have tried it in my A shop . Do you want to try ?
I would love to rent this apartment .
no , most children in America only go to school Monday through Friday .
Right ! I'll do it straight away .
Actually , our new math teacher is a good person . He just can't find an appropriate way to teach us .
Oh , it seems there is nothing that evening .
We have lots of options , what type of job do you need ?
Thank you for your understanding .
And how much of your salary would you like ?
I need to find the cereal aisle .
That ' s ok , keep going , you ' re moving ahead by leaps and bounds . Watch your dynamics ! Keep your elbows lifted . Remember to stroke the keys , don ' t pound . That ' s better ! Remember that as a pianist or any other musician , your technique will be what separates you from the pack just as much or more so as your musicianship .
which one would you recommend ?
What street do I go to to catch it ?
Just some souvenirs .
The performance is excellent .
No . But my husband smokes 20 or more a day .
I have all of that with me . I've also banked here for a number of years .
It began the night before last .
It includes a lot of useful words and phrases .
Yeah , it is . I come here all the time .
Really ? So your city does have some old history after all .
But we can't accept your damage claim .
OK , I'll take it . Here ' s the money .
Ninety dollars .
Oh , they look just like live cranes . I like this picture very much . How much is it ?
In this article , scientists say that if you took the genes from someone and tried to create a copy of a person , there ' s no guarantee that the copy would look or act like the original !
It ' s Tuesday today . I always go to my class on Tuesday night .
Johnny , I can't believe you would do that .
What an amazing goal !
I bought the movie . Would you like to come to my house and watch it ?
I can't get into my room . I mean I left my room key inside .
Do you go to church regularly ?
It is extremely beautiful . This is the very thing I've been dreaming of . Please put in a gift box for me .
I don't know . I saw him the first time Tuesday . He was at the cafe . I noticed he was looking at me a lot . Not just the usual looking , but staring . He just kept staring at me . He didn't stop .
We should also cook a couple dozen hot dogs and kebabs .
Okay , here you are . ( She hands the completed form and the money to the clerk . )
Whoa , whoa , what ' s going on ? Watch out !
I agree . They're very lovely , especially Huanhuan
This way , please . Your box number is 522 .
Do you have to remember every text ?
OK . I am hungry , too . I like their milkshake . They're very creamy and tasty .
So it is really worth your great effort . And hope you can keep the record you've made today .
Because of the low salaries .
Well , now you know . Let's go to the lake over there . Some people are fishing over there . I haven't had a chance to fish in a lake , I really want to try .
That can be easily done . Is there anything else ?
What about the chicken ?
Did either one of them win an Oscar this year ?
Who taught you how to cook this well ?
Good morning ! I'm Steven Smith . I want to open an account here .
Can I help you sir , what do you need ?
Small world , isn't it ?
Thanks , John .
Then why didn ' t you talk to me ?
Really ? Who did you hear that from ?
What qualities do you think are important to this position ?
In comparison to city life , the country life is quiet and peaceful .
I live in Altadena .
Sorry , I need a trip to the bog .
How can I find out if I can collect ?
Excuse me . My bag was stolen , will you help me ?
The second one told me that the job information was released half a year ago , and had been overdue .
No . Please sit down .
Yes , I was wondering if you had the time to show me around this exhibition ?
Why do you think you be a good fit or this job ?
I appreciate your help .
I want a leather jacket .
That's better .
Ok . Let's go right after dinner .
He is more nice than wise .
What's wrong with you , young man ?
Thank you . Also , how can I get my mailbox key ?
That's cool . I've heard LA has an all-Asian channel on cable .
You did , but I can ' t help it .
Thanks very much . I'm sure I'll be back , so see you again soon . Bye !
It might take a long time . Because there is a line , you know .
It's for the drinks .
Oh , it ' s almost eleven twenty .
So am I .
Certainly . here you are .
Come in and sit down , Jack . Now , what's the trouble ?
Anything wrong with it ?
Very good . Your reservation confirmation number is NB13579 . Thank you for booking in our hotel . Can I help you with anything else today ?
What's your name , sir ?
Okay . Thanks . Have a nice day .
I ' m sorry I kept you waiting .
Me , too ! Do you want to come over and watch the next game at my place ? I'm planning on having a few people over to watch it together .
Oh , I see . I will tell my wife . Thank you for telling me so much .
So am I . The doctor says she'll get over in a month .
Could you give us a detailed description of the properties of your product ?
How many courses do you have for this semester ?
Ted is so scared by dogs that he shakes in his shoes whenever he sees one .
Would you like to have lunch with me ?
I think the government needs a radical plan to improve things . The government just talks , but in the long run , nothing is done to improve the economy .
Great . Let's go !
You are deadly right .
Excuse me , Miss . The total works wrong . What are these extra charges ?
Room service . May I help you ?
What are you doing tonight ?
Have you treated any real emergencies ?
Well . You ' Ve come prepared . You have all the necessary materials so we can go ahead and make the transfer right now . It ' s a simple transaction , and we can process it today .
I still think that it is a bitstrange that you like to do that kind of thing . Most women would rather hire a maid .
Well , when will it be convenient for you ?
Thanks .
OK . Your name , please ?
Sure , Tuesday ' s perfect . May I ask where you ' re calling from ?
My uncle passed away last night .
No . My brother is playing football there .
Yeah . How's everything going ?
Certainly ! The most attractive place is that , it's very large ; it is 8 times the size of Forbidden City and 16 times the size of Summer Palace . The art of gardens is perfectly represented in it .
Are you ready to order , sir ?
Yes , madam , can I help you ?
I wish I could stay longer , but I must be going .
Yep . She's always got a bun in the oven . She was pregnant before marriage-a real sin in the Catholic Church .
How do you work with a team ?
Welcome ! Welcome to Little Italy . We're the most Italian family here !
I see . Sorry about this , I'm new in this job and I've never even seen one of these before ! My boss just told me to come here and sort it out .
What's the price of the bread ?
If it breaks down , maybe you can find a repairman on the Internet .
The ceremony will begin at 9 0 ' clock . After the ceremony , there's a reception . By the way , do you know why they have chosen September 9th for their wedding ceremony ?
It's a pleasure .
We plan to rent some of them out at the hourly rates .
Let's speed up . We're going to be late again .
Here . Are you all right ?
What's wrong with it , sir ?
By that time , you will be fired .
A bank was robbed this afternoon . A reporter on the scene covered the event , the live coverage reproduce the robbery to the live .
You've got to be joking .
do you have anything to declare ?
Thanks a million , you are a lifesaver .
But you know our design is superior to any other products from other companies . In fact , there is no room to negotiate the price now . You should be aware that the production cost alone has doubled in the past year .
Then forgive her mistake .
The second one sounds rather difficult to answer . What did you tell her ?
How old is your phone ?
I know . I still haven't heard from her . The good thing is that I'm so angry with her that I don't feel sad about not having her around .
Sure . I'd love to .
No problem , sir . We will arrange you a table for 5 .
I don't know . Maybe they are really crazy .
Pretty good . Listen ... have you heard about the new Thai restaurant over on University Avenue ?
Why would the person who told have problems with the law ?
I'd like to change some US dollars into euros and I'd like to know today's exchange rate .
You did ? that is great !
Wow ! All because of Super Bulk-Up .
Today more and more families have personal computers . People have wider range of choice to communicate with the outside world .
where are you going to work then , in Australia or back in China ?
Thanks for inviting me . Here is the gift for you . Happy birthday , Francis ! Many more happy and healthy years for you !
Well . I ' m rather disappointed with it .
That would be a possibility . Where is this fundraiser taking place ?
Gate Four . Please go and have a seat in the waiting hall .
What did the woman ask you ?
Who's the booking for , please , madam ?
I haven't shopped there . How is the food ?
It's rainy weather today . Maybe it's better if you just stay inside . Make yourself some chicken soup and sleep .
Yes , but I want to go to the country .
Yes , I know . It ' s not the first time I ' m taking this ! Don ' t worry , I won ' t overdose !
If you have any question , you can ask me .
Oh , well . As far as other conveniences in the neighborhood , there ' s a grocery store just up the block , and there ' s lots of little shops nearby .
I often see some ' new age people ' show off their various skills to handle a skateboard , which makes me wonder in awe .
$ 800 .
How do you feel about that ?
I apologize for their tardiness .
Here is ten yuan . Keep the change , please .
But mine equals yours in economy .
Have you ever thought of just cutting down ? You could do it gradually .
I was invited to attend their wedding .
That was a great shot ! A three pointer , yeah !
For each month you would have to pay $ 1050 .
Tell him I hope he's better soon .
I am afraid not .
I usually have the wrong notion that he's very serious .
There's no price tag on this necklace .
What does she like to do ?
I got a ninety-five on my test .
How do you want it ?
Yes , I ate some cake .
First , you need to have the list of books for your class . Do you have that ?
Good morning , sir . Can I see your boarding pass , please ?
Then he sent you to your home ?
No , you can't . The bench is wet , too .
Not very big . There are five of us -- grandmother , father , mother , sister and I .
I have been a class commissary in charge of studies for two years .
What's the rent for a year ?
Uh-huh . How about you ?
Yes , they generally cost a little more .
Yes , I have found three companies .
I've got a pair of pearl earrings . Here it is .
Hi , John ! I haven't seen you for ages .
How do you total our scores ?
I see . Do you have anything to declare ?
Do you take dressing on your salad ?
The stove and refrigerator are in good working order ,
Fine , bring us double .
Would it be full now ?
Wow ! This sounds like something my wife would really enjoy ! Are there any outdoor activities we can take part in ?
What else do I have to do ?
No problem . Please wait a minute . ( She goes to the back for a few minutes . ) Here is your medicine , sir . Take two tablets after each meal and once before bed .
Of course . First dial the code 011 to get an international line . Then you dial Taiwan's country code
I'll talk to you later .
Yes , it does . But you can turn it off if you want .
It's just a regular inspection . Do you have anything to declare ?
Where is it .
Sheila , what time should we meet tomorrow ?
What ' s wrong ?
To be frank , not very much , because I can ' t use much what I ' Ve learned in my work . I enjoy doing more challenging work .
Can I stop by ?
You got it . Well , he walked up to me and said my name again and then I realized it was the boy I had been thinking about , the one from third grade !
I would like to check out these books .
Yes , we do . What kind of room would you like ?
I have two people to a room . The $ 80 room rate is the lowest I could find . With the conference going on that week , all the hotels have inflated their prices , they're making a killing .
I have a master's degree and I meet all the needs you want , so I am confident of doing this job well .
I can boil it , grill it , or microwave it .
can't complain . What about you ?
I've got to put together a sales pitch to give to our clients in the morning . You always give such amazing presentations , I was hoping you could give me some advice about how to win them over tomorrow .
How can I help you today , Alice ?
Ok . I ' m really bored at the moment .
I will do that .
They released me the next morning .
Hey , Terry , have all the players got here ?
Let me see ... set the timer first and push the button , oh , come here .
The weather is terrible .
What time would you like ?
I might be able to help ...
How long has the company been in business ?
Do you have a fever ?
Did you call the police ?
Shall I make out a single bill or two separate bills ?
Just a second . I'll go get some .
Sounds like Mike , is it ?
That's good .
Yes , but I still don't have many friends here yet .
Yes , I'll give you some pills . Take one a time and three times a day , and come back in three days . If you don't feel ...
What did you do at the office today ?
Come on . I know Li Lin is there . Let me talk to her .
No , have you ?
I agree . Maybe they can bring us some better food .
No , it's free .
To the beach
Really ? Then I will come to Beijing in the fall next time .
It seems that you will have a nice day tomorrow .
That's right . He ran for office quite a few times before he was finally elected .
Yeah . I have one from college at my parents ' house .
Just a moment , please . I am sorry , sir . There is no ticket available on that day . But we have flights for Hong Kong the next day .
Good . Heather will be back in about 20 minutes . I'll tell her you called .
Okay , this afternoon you have a meeting with your accountant at 5 pm .
If you get the promotion , what will your new title be ?
Yes , the Sunset Hotel is three blocks away . Maybe you can ask them .
So the life of a cave woman was less stressful than my life ?
you're right . She would never talk about me behind my back or hold a grudge . But she just doesn't seem very interested in our friendship anymore .
Where else haven't we been to yet ?
Are you looking for an apartment ?
Maybe we should make a plan and list what we should do next , and follow it .
Yesterday I read hamlet . such a fantastic book !
Hi Kara , it's Mike here .
It is only a little pin stick . I am going to put a tourniquet on your arm to puff your veins up .
You've never been in a gay bar before ?
She is a nurse .
Where do you go for lunch around here ?
Could you arrange a meeting with your boss ?
Yes , you can take small sum of money and important items such as passport and keys and business documents and so on .
I received my bachelor's degree from Peking University in 2004 .
I think the job should make use of the professional experience I have obtained , and offer me opportunity for advancement .
No ! Since you are washing delicates and cotton , you should set the dryer to medium heat and for twenty minutes .
the cost of living in London is just too high for most people .
Please go to receive optometry first over there .
It ' s unfair .
That's a good idea .
Of course to me .
Now please tell me something about your achievements in your work unit .
Really ? Well you ' ll have to get there before 6pm because they close early today .
my boss is really picky about that . He never arrives late , usually works over-time , and always gets his work done on time .
I like how clear the sky gets after it rains .
Where's Lisa ?
Speaking . Who's calling , please ?
Sure , it's multi-functional . Besides playing music , it can also be used to store documents and make recordings .
Well , thin is always " in " with the media .
Hi ! This is Tome Smith .
No , I'm still single .
Yeah . It's beautiful . Is it white gold or silver ?
You see . I told you you'd hit him if you weren't careful .
It is very similar . The technology is the same .
So Emily , do you still want to see a movie together this weekend ?
Do you take credit card ?
I'm glad I asked you . So this is aisle 6 where I can find all the canned fruits and vegetables .
How about this one ? It is well-known for the effect of removing scurf .
We have to . If nobody listened that would be like turning our backs on our own rights and obligations to the freedoms that our forefathers fought for .
I think I know who you're talking about .
Deal .
Would you like some help with the food ?
Ten thousand .
do you have any other questions ?
No , thanks . His home is not far and I can walk there .
I've got a backache .
It's about 300 yuan .
Yes , it's the correct thing to do .
That was easy !
You ' re unbearable , you can walk home , I ' m leaving .
I left feeling pretty confident about my score , but I heard that my professors are very strict graders , so I'm a bit nervous .
Sir , this hotel just passed a thorough insect inspection with flying colors .
Are you quite sure ?
No , I listened to the music , too .
How can we help him ?
What university would you enter ?
It is cute . I will take it . Please make out the receipt .
I can't remember .
We are going to buy our own house .
I'm sorry , but I can't go .
You ' ll need to make an appointment to view the apartment .
I like to take the tests that they print in this magazine .
Can you change American dollars into French francs ?
Hello , is that Mr . Li ?
Hi , Boss ! I'd like to tell you what we've discussed during the day .
I'm afraid there is a bit of a problem . in fact , he has booked up the whole week except tomorrow afternoon .
how often do you usually cook ?
Excuse me ? Let's try to work this out , okay ?
It depends on how long you take to pay it back . If we lend you ten thousand dollars at an annual interest rate of ten percent for forty eight months , you would have to pay each month a portion of the loan which is called the principal and another small portion of the annual interest rate . This of course is considering that you don ' t default on a payment !
Can you direct me to the elevator ?
I hate to tell you this , but we have no more filet mignon . May I suggest the porterhouse instead ?
So let's get registered tomorrow .
Would you like to order anything else ?
Oh , yes . I often went on business trips in the past six years .
Did you make us get off early ?
So how far is the museum , dad ?
That ' s the one . It seems that everyone is anxious to get to New York tonight .
Okay . Everyone else's parents let them stay out until two or three in the morning .
Barbara . But please , just call me Barb .
You should attend a department meeting every Monday morning . There are other meetings for people working together on certain projects . Department heads also attend an interdepartmental meeting each week .
I noticed they've taken our radio and left the television .
You are very kind to say so . Thank you . Do you think tomorrow morning would suit him ?
What time would you like to leave ?
Trust you ! You can't even handle simple plane reservations !
$ 5000 and I want them all in fifties .
I wonder if I can ask you a question .
How's your time spent in the United States ?
Just call me Miao Dou , Please .
Yeah , me too ! What are you thinking you would like to do ?
Not always . Sometimes we don't understand her . Then she has to repeat what she said .
It's really no problem .
Yes . Why not ?
I know he will , too .
In fact , could I ask you for the recipe ?
Fabulous . Thanks .
How many members were in your party in all ?
How about mah-jong ?
I think that a tip of $ 3 . 60 will be the right amount to leave .
Yes , I'd ask Jill , the girl I've had before , but I need someone overnight . Maybe even for two nights .
Hey ! What's up ?
After I tried French food . Before that , I used to cook really boring things for my family .
She'll be very happy with this . And how do you plan to pay for it ?
That ' s good news . The good thing is that most people treat their pets well .
It was fantastic ! We had such a good time . The only problem was that because it was their high season , we spent hours queuing .
Excuse me . Do you know where I can find the nearest ICCC ?
Right , this is not a drill . This is for all the marbles .
Because Myra was cheating on exams , and she spoke back rudely .
Oh , how awful . What a terrible thing to do .
that ' s very generous of you . I guess that would work .
Your daughter will be back soon . I'm going to start making dinner . You can just watch some TV in TV room if you like . We just bought a new TV with a LCD screen . The remote control is on the coffee table next to the armchair .
Does your country export a lot of natural resources ?
On which day ?
Well , let me see . I'd like to go to the Great Wall , the Summer Palace , the Forbidden City and the Temple of Heaven .
I am twenty-five years old .
You're the first guest to arrive . I'll just put your coat away and then I'll get you something to drink .
It was a great idea to spend a day watching a game .
About 15 stops .
$ 120 . The small gift box is complementary .
No , don ' t worry . Just follow me .
Are you looking for shoes ?
I'm looking forward to it .
Wow , this is nice ! Ok , sign me up for both publications .
Did you watch the live telecast of the World Cup last night ?
Is there a maximum number of copies I can make ?
I'm not .
The name sounds fascinating . What is it exactly ?
Hi , Mary , long time no see .
Poor guy .
Yes there are . How do you want to go , First class or coach ?
I'm awfully sorry , sir . I do apologize . A ten-year-old boy and a mother live upstairs . Maybe the boy is a little bit naughty .
I feel that you should see a pulmonary specialist to check for asthma .
My parents live by themselves now . when they get older , they ' ll probably go to a retirement home . Do you just have one brother ?
... Okay , I'm through . Here's the form and my old card .
I'll try one of these on . ( The customer tries one of the shoes on . ) It's too big . It slides up and down my heel when I walk around .
A party of three .
Is there any difference in their short hand ?
I've got a headache and a cough .
Can you speak Japanese ?
I didn't hear that . But I can deduce the reason .
I am certain I am going to fail my English test .
I have been working hard to stay healthy . I hope the tests turn out well .
When you lent me the bike , it looked brand new , almost anyway .
Yes , me too . I think I ' Ve lost some important clients recently because of this train !
Yes . I used to come out here with my grandpa as child .
Yes , we'll take our time . And we'll go to Five-lake Strict and the Wall Street .
Hey , how could you like to taste my fist ?
Mr . Emory ? I ' d appreciate it if you would look over these letters before you leave today .
Not a great week for the world ! Any good news ?
You wanna tight , medium or naturally curly perm ?
And when do you need to fill the vacancy , Mr . Parsons ?
Of course . Turn right at the next intersection and go straight . The post office will be on your left ( side ) .
The coupon can be used at least one year .
Would you like to have this kind of suitcase ?
And how long does the course last ?
You are absolutely right .
I could stand to lose a few pounds . Having a car has made me lazy . I never end up walking anywhere !
It's hard work while exercising , but it is a great feeling when I get done .
That's a problem .
What does she do ?
Do you like coffee , Ann ?
Hey , Anna , this is Jason .
what do you have in mind ?
So , tell me about you new house . How is it different to your old one ?
Really ? I really want to have a try !
It isn't your fault . No one will blame you .
did you go to university ?
Your meal will be delivered as soon as it's all ready . Enjoy !
You got what I meant . Perhaps , what I steal are not vegetables , but loneliness .
I heard you want to apply for the position as a foreign bank staff member , is it true ?
Here we are . You find us a table and I'll get the drinks .
May I have your room number please ?
I'll do that then .
OK , see you soon .
This is room eleven-seven and we have just checked in .
That sounds kind of boring . Oh , look . They're dimming the lights . I think we should get back to our seats for the second half of the play .
Yes , Madam .
For me , now an important question to buy an Accord is the time when I can get this car . I need a new car rather soon .
About three days .
OK , sir . Here you are . There is a one-year warranty .
Morning , Mary . I haven't seen you in a long time . What's up ?
I agree , but we don't really know the whole story . There may have been problems in the kitchen beyond her control .
Oh , poor Alan ! His sister is the only one he has left since his parents died last year .
Yes , we do .
Well , I hope he starts feeling better . Say hi to him for me .
I can ' t find my purse . Have you seen it ?
Will you exfoliate the skin as well ?
For sure all the customers will benefit from this .
No need . I think it's still plenty full . Even so , I'd rather travel by bus or train . It would cost much less than driving . Oil prices are soaring nowadays , you know .
Me too . I will probably go dressed in a T-shirt and jeans .
Oh I ' m enjoying myself but it ' s so hot here
I don't have a fever , and I'm ready for my test .
Did you know that he came here last year after 10 years in the military ?
Can you drive ?
A Grinch is a person who spoils the mood at a happy occasion by being selfish or unenthusiastic . You know - a party proper .
I would like to find this book .
What is that ? A jellyfish ? Jeremy , put that down right now ! It could sting you !
OK , sir . I'll do my best .
Well , here's 3,000 yuan .
Well , that ' s the problem . We never seem to have ' typical ' days , but you'd spend about 30 % of your time on the computer . There would also be a lot of telephone time , setting up appointment , and taking care of a lot of support work .
Don't mention it . Good luck . You're going to need it .
And who is directing ?
Do you think that maybe you are getting the flu ?
It wasn't as good as you think .
How many students are in the class ?
And do you want the glossy or matted finish ?
Certainly , sir . Would you sign here , please ? ... Thank you .
Is that you , Bob ?
There is , actually . If you can get your company to apply for a cheque from a bank in Shanghai , that'll speed things up no end .
Really ? What about your opinion , Daniel ?
Yeah , I am very impressed with Tom Hanks ' performance in the movie .
Can you work part-time or full-time ?
Turn on the TV , please .
About David , No , I didn ' t hear anything .
Not really . But it has puzzled me for a long time .
Yes , I'd love to . It ' s interesting to see who is considered the best in their field and which film are thought to be particularly good .
Thanks . But it ' s necessary for me to buy a TV set .
Yes . As long as you keep making regular monthly payments , paying the minimum is just fine . Of course , your credit limit will be lowered accordingly .
626-555-1739 . Thank you for doing business with us , Mr . Sandals .
What's the specialty of the house ?
Sure . No problem .
That ' s great . Is the electrician here today ?
I have learned many courses , such as Civil Law , Economic Law , Commercial Law and Administration Law .
I ' m very sorry , Miss Parks , but the 9:05 flight is completely booked . I can put you on a waiting list if you would like .
Thanks a lot . Sorry to trouble you .
That man just made history .
Almost . I ' Ve put up the decorations , and we ' Ve decorated the Christmas tree with plenty of tinsel and baubles .
we do actually . We can add that as an amendment to your contract .
Dad , can you just tell me what it means ? I'm too lazy .
It comes with an ice maker , water dispenser , and there is a lot of room inside .
As a matter of fact , I have . I ran into him just the other day .
come on ! Man up ! You'll never know until you try .
definitely . Would you like skim or whole milk ?
We shall be pleased to talk the matter over with you . You've done very well in fulfilling the agreement .
OK . You have to fill out this form and let me see three identification cards or documents .
I see , that's a long time . How much was the watch ?
I thought this was the emergency room .
Oooo ... gross ... you're sweating all over the place .
John , if you don't mind , I'd like to ask you a personal question .
What is my ideal weight ?
Dad , why are you taping the windows ?
See you tomorrow night .
Could you give me your name and phone number ?
I've known from your resume that you are a college graduate .
I ' m really jealous ! I won ' t be able to get any time off for at least another three or four months .
Susan is going to get a divorce .
Yes . What's the fare ?
Please pull your table down . It's lunch hour .
really ? Are you sure this is a good idea ?
You missed a court appearance .
Would you like anything else , sir ?
I see . How do they make testing and analysis of this item ?
how do you think you did ?
ok .
Glad you asked me to join you . This will be fun !
Oh , hi Lucas , come on in . I'm Barbara . Nice to meet you .
Yes , I'd like to see that . What does it clean exactly ?
OK , I'll call ahead .
Yes , it's all taken care of .
I want egg soup .
I want to be a lawyer in the future and the Law School was one of the best schools in Harvard .
Oh , I see what you mean !
My brother-in-law is having a small get-together at his house and he invited me .
Why don't you find someone who is in the know .
Why not ! I rolled a five . The category is Best Pictures .
Welcome to Lens Magic , ma ' am . How can I help you ?
What do you want to do in this company after five years ?
On and off , for quite a few years .
What a great idea .
that's true . She's highly esteemed among everyone at my company .
okay okay , just let me have another cup of beers to get my head in the game .
I'll pick a shampoo that's just right for your hair type . Sit right here , and rest your neck on the side of the sink . Is the water too hot ?
Not too well . He had to have four teeth pulled last week .
It's good . By the way , what kind of clothes do I have to bring with me ?
Sure . It was considered desirable that a well-educated ancient Chinese scholar could be well versed in zither , weigh , calligraphy and painting . I think weigh is the most fantastic of them . It embodies ancient Chinese wisdom and cultural profoundness .
Not always . But they like good meal .
In that case , what can we do to help you ? Have you any suggestions ?
Have you taken your temperature ?
You do ?
That's too little . Well , I'll come down to 120 yuan .
Really ? Great !
Oh , it ' s lovely . Think of the nasty weather we had last week .
Your starting salary is 2500 yuan a month , and after you become a permanent employee , it will be higher .
Can you recommend a resort to me ?
May I buy a ticket here at the station ?
Well , I have the day off from work .
Well , that's a bit stiff . Do you have some cheaper ones ?
Let's just say I'll have it easy ...
Is your great uncle Rick going to be there ? He is really funny .
I'll handle him . Now go home . I'll call you after work .
Really ? You don ' t look very Chinese to me , if you don ' t mind me saying so .
I ' m sorry that you didn ' t get in .
Oh , no . He ' s an executive for a large computer company . I saw an interview with him on TV yesterday . They were asking his opinion about future uses for computers .
Good afternoon , what flights do you have from London to Paris ?
Stop burping .
Come on , John . This is my favorite show .
And the TV program also said that physical exercise helps people deal with stress .
Your total comes to $ 7 .
Yes , because I love yours .
Sure . Where are you ?
Don't take too long . It would be a shame not to take advantage of such lovely weather .
If you could , would you please talk to him ?
In 2002 . And since then he has attracted more attention than ever .
No . I can't wait . I feel awful . The dinner appointment has to be canceled .
Ha . There won't be a next time .
Well , you can keep the vegetables , I ' ll take the meat . The stir fry my wife made was really hearty , with chunks of beef and slivers of bell peppers and onion ...
Right again . We can provide a tailored consultation service for you , giving you the latest quotes from the Stock Exchange and help you to plan what exactly you do with your investments .
Huh ? We are going to play for money , aren ' t we ?
Last year when I visited China .
Follow me to the back-yard .
Ah , hello . Do you have a service for buying Traveller's Cheques ?
I need to make sure that my wife will be financially secure if I die .
I'd like to tell you that you could come to work with us .
Well , I don't think much about it . To me , it's a sheer waste of time
Oh , sure . I'll be back in a minute .
Why don't you read the local newspaper ?
Oh , that scared me .
Yeah , but it's so hard . I have to work , and then go home and take care of my wife and the baby . I'm going to get sick at this rate .
$ 10 .
To tell you the truth , I'm not married . I'm still single .
No , you can't do that .
Hi ! Ed , what's up ?
Some poisonous gas .
Great ! I'm having a great time .
Is this your first time to come to a symphony concert ?
Whoa , whoa , take it easy , relax . Geez , you ' re sweating like a pig ! What ' s going on ?
That works for me . We can check out the kitchen next .
The hotel is full tonight . we will need to find a new place to stay .
Hi , I ' m Mary Smith .
Nice to meet you , I'm jim taylor .
The next beginning class starts on October 25th .
They're right upstairs .
It ' s very kind of you to say so . My associate and I will be interested in visiting your factory .
Thank you , sir . But I'm not allowed to accept any tips .
I always knew she was the one , but I decided to pop the big question about 2 weeks ago . I'm just debating on how to do it .
It's on the 7th floor . As you get off the elevator , you'll see it on your left .
I tried to ask the bank teller why it changed , but she didn't speak English well enough . So I decided to go to the magazine shop . The one around the corner . And I bought an American newspaper .
We should come here more often .
Yet Julia is not a patch on Anne because she's not as diligent and clever as Anne .
I go to Panda Express for my Chinese food .
That is a special coconut ginger chicken with rice dish .
Never ?
I could seat you right away at an outside table if you would like .
If you can go a little lower , I'd be able to give you an order on the spot .
Usually a clothes company will send their overstock to an outlet . The prices are very low . But you may find faulty products here too .
We are , 27 to 26 .
Are dresses going to be on sale ?
I went to the university of Ohio , in America .
Okay , I will take it into consideration .
But that ' s not the only thing ... you know , he really doesn ' t have the best work ethic , I ' m constantly catching him on MSN and Facebook when he should be talking to clients .
It ' s ok . I ' ll call her back latter . Thank you .
I should have ?
Oh , no ! I ' m so sorry ! Are you all right ?
Which university did you graduate from ?
We'll remain open from 9 a . m . till 8 p . m .
Oh , maybe three years . I will study and get the master degree first . Then I will decide whether I will stay there or come back .
When do you need it ?
Did you call for a car service
I will be sending someone out as soon as I can get hold of the roofer . Will you be home this morning ?
You forgot all about it , didn't you ?
don't worry . Family comes first . Come on , let's go .
Would you tell me when we get there ?
Well , Corporate Agreement Savings will be based on the Agreement Deposit Contract signed by the customer and the bank together . So , this contract decides the terms and the line of basic deposit withheld while settling the account . So , if we look within the line of basic deposit , the interest should be counted at the rate of Current Deposit on the day of settlement or withdrawal .
Only 350 yuan .
Oh , good . Why don ' t you take the bus to mine and we could play Mah Tiang ?
I voted this morning .
Have you invested in the stock market before ?
No . But in the United States , the Christmas season begins about a month before December 25 .
How about 130 yuan ?
It's a butterfly - everyone in her family has one .
Nice to meet you too . Let me help you with your bags .
Good morning , Mr . Yang . Thank you very much . Can I work now ?
It ' s really terrible !
I said Merry Christmas ! Don ' t you know that Christmas is almost here ?
Yes , that's her .
I have a deposit account with my bank . There are some restrictions on withdrawing money , but the interest rate is much higher .
Is it kept in hand now ?
It ' s expensive , too . Let ' s just sit in the sun and go swimming instead .
The company's performance has improved since Wallace became president . He's made our little business into a real lucrative operation . Products are selling like hotcakes .
Of course . First , you must sand the furniture . You sand it to make the wood smooth . You start with heavy-grade sandpaper . Then , you move to finer-grade sandpaper .
Excuse me , but I want a pair of mittens .
Yes , that will be easiest .
it that why you wear second-hand cloths as well ? Because they've got character ?
Really ? I thought that they'd been killing us by now .
Do you have your library card ?
Yes . I'd like a hamburger and a large order of french fries , please .
Too bad you missed Jane's performance .
Sure . I didn ' t know you liked mysteries .
I'm going to Bill's house .
That's very good advice !
But your American ?
What do you think of our new teacher ?
Hello , Ms . Murphy ?
Very well . How long do you want the house ? All summer ?
Is Doctor Hawkins here ? She ' s our doctor . We called her from the car .
Did you work as a salesperson before , Mrs . Vale ?
Of course . I have lots of best friends .
Maybe we can meet again sometime ?
How do I know if it's blown out ?
Thanks very much for your help , Li Lan . See you tomorrow .
I think you'd be perfect for this job . This company needs someone like you . When can you start working ?
The tape player doesn ' t work .
Hey ! I'm trying to be nice , and you still want to fight ! Did you get the statue or not ?
Now we have to walk .
Take me to the airport , please .
Are you working under pressure ?
Yes , that ' s right . My husband and I moved to London , and so I managed to find a position with a National newspaper based in London .
Yes , we met last year at a conference .
Does the final count the most ?
Good morning , Maintenance Department .
You come back here with me tomorrow , and it's my treat !
Yes , but it was many years ago .
Six thirty , tonight .
No , thanks . I'm fine . Did you have a nice holiday ?
Yes , the snow is fun .
Would you prefer to come in in the morning or the afternoon ?
Sure . You can find everything all over the world . Let's check it out online !
I must be there no later than 9:00 .
5 days . And could you send a bellboy to pick up my luggage ?
But I can't bear it , John .
Mom , are those tattoos on your brows ?
No , why should I ? I don ' t feel like it . Besides , I ' m in such a bad mood .
We're little further away from the street and traffic noise
It's no problem .
Would you like anything to drink with that ?
I think a medium one will do .
Of course I do !
I can't believe it , I had faith in Bob and he let me down .
We need a reservation for four .
Wasn't that a great flick ? I was on the edge of my seat through the whole movie .
Do you feel comfortable with the new system by microcosm ?
Sure , Mum . In a minute .
I'll say . The regular eighteen is just about all I can handle myself .
I'm wearing my heavy jacket .
Speaking . What can I do for you ?
I am told that you dance like an animal . Why don ' t you give a show in the front stage ?
How's your brother doing ?
My date's very sophisticated , so I'm sure she would expect nothing but the best .
I had a wonderful evening .
In that case , we will need to fill out this paperwork . Do you have identification with you ?
Do you think you'll still love him when he is old and gray ?
Hi , what brings you to my office today ?
How do you pay for it ?
Yes , I have studied in an English training program and a computer training program since I graduated from university . I am currently studying Finance at a training school .
Good afternoon , sales department . May I help you ?
Is there a bus tour ?
OK , please fill in the form first .
But what if he knows my name , where I live ...
So now your bill comes to  20 . 15 and I need to pay  22 . 50 .
so , you're into 80s music then ?
sure , what's on ?
I wish he could too .
Your passport will be ready in a few weeks .
What flight has seats available to Milan on this Sunday ?
our company is quite conscious of the environmental problems that frequent flying causes .
Not really . There aren ' t any used bookcases listed . But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday . I think I ' ll go to them .
Sure . It's 5:10 PM .
Hey , Doug ! How ' d it go at that meeting yesterday ? I know you were pretty anxious about it .
What would you like to drink ?
Taxi ! Taxi !
Hold on please ... Yes , you are booked already .
What an idea !
Have you called to inquire about the positions ?
I was thinking of pizza .
Yes , I know . But I don't mind working hard .
I ' m mixing the sauce . It ' s my speciality . I make it according to my own secret recipe .
Very affordable sir . You can take it out of this lot today with 0 % down payment and no interest for the first year ! You can test drive it now and we can sign the papers when we get back .
It's our anniversary today . I am looking for the same flowers as the ones in her wedding bouquet .
At least five channels have morning cartoons on Saturdays .
I have a major stomachache
It lasts for 9 months .
You ' re working there this year ?
Yes . It is the latest product and is highly recommended because of its fine design and quality . You certainly have an eye for good things .
Oh , is there ? Which room is it ?
I'll speak to Bob , he'll be able to help us .
Oh , there is something wrong with my car .
I think she is really going to like her teacher though .
About a pack , more if I drink .
What is your greatest strength ?
Well , that's your uncle Bill , his wife and two of their daughters .
Turn the chair I can see myself in the mirror .
Yes , I can speak Spanish , and I can also speak Chinese .
Your parcel weights 420 grams . So it is 21 . 3 dollars by air , or 6 . 9 dollars by sea .
I ' m fine . Thanks for asking .
We're stranded here , Tom . We may be here a long time . We need to conserve the gas in the car . The car's energy is what will keep us warm .
What do you mean too late ?
What about this one ?
Hold on a second , please . I'll see if he's in . I'm sorry , Mr . Baker had just gone out . Who's calling ?
Relax , it was just a goat !
I have a yoga class tomorrow . Do you want to come with me ?
I will be back again next Wednesday .
I'm sorry to tell you that I have to cancel our appointment .
Well , my flight leaves at 8 a . m . , and I'll arrive at 10 a . m . Shall we say 11 o'clock ?
How can I avoid injuring myself during exercise ?
I know you didn't .
I like to listen to Rock and R & B .
What would you do ?
Capsules are fine .
No trouble at all .
These are my roses . The roses have been in flower for a week .
I remember now . Your advice is very helpful .
Mark Wyatt ? I am sorry . The line is terrible . Could you spell that for me , please ?
I ' m afraid we have really made a great concession , and could not go any further .
What is your policy on returns ?
so nice to see you again , Louise . How are you doing ?
No , thanks . I already took some medicine .
My load isn't that big .
What kind of family are you like ?
He was quite right .
Thank you . It looks very attractive .
Patent ? Are you also learning something about patent ?
Are you ready ? Here we go . Say Cheese !
No , that's it , thank you .
Five days a week , too ?
It feels like there's going to be rain later .
I understand . Would you like me to call you back ?
I like watching it for the fashion . I like to see what the ladies are wearing . Of course , the men nearly always just wear the traditional tuxedo .
Are you serious ? Why would they have to go to such extreme measures like a strike ? Doesn't your company have a pretty good corporate image ? I'll bet the folks at headquarters are going nuts over something as serious as a strike ...
Of course , that's all part of the service .
Why not go to see the doctor ?
what a nice garden ! Look at these tulips !
Cool ! A whole month ! What do you do during that month ?
I'm reading a lot of books about the two countries . I like the culture .
Ok , here you go . That will be 18 pounds and seventy two pence .
First of all , you need to sign a Corporate Agreement Savings Contract with us . This means we can go ahead and open an account of agreement savings based on your settlement account .
Am I standing the right way ?
We may come at 6:30 p . m .
Good afternoon , Miss Li .
I ' m glad you could make it .
Happy birthday ! Many happy returns ( of the day ) .
It's too bad . They are very delicious .
Yes , I see it listed on the printout we got off of the Internet .
Really ? Does Mary know that ?
Enjoy your day off and don't forget to study !
O . K . , John . Well , can I have a look at the place ?
I think so . I think you'd better make a phone call to see whether there is a table available .
It should be on the shelf , but I didn ' t see it .
I really envy you , Danny .
You can take any bus except the Number 9 .
that'd be great ! I know he'd appreciate your help .
Yes , I got married to a man that I met shortly after I divorced my first husband .
How much shall I pay ?
But this is terrible . I'm expecting important calls .
Well , I want to extend it for 2 more nights .
Sounds like you are really getting in shape !
Sure . I like the writer's language , too .
There are many amazing dishes to choose from . We can have some chicken tikka masala which is an amazing curry . It ' s a bit spicy , but I think you can handle it .
I don't know . I feel like going out .
I've been thinking about this for several months , well before the Spring Festival holidays .
Let me check if we have any vacancies ... You ' re in luck . We have one single room available .
In that way , I'll be late every day . How about letting him go to school on school bus ?
How many chances have I given you , I've given up on you .
I'll get on that right away !
It is only a pin prick . I have to put this tourniquet on your arm to make the vein easier to find .
Oh , hi , Tom . How've you been ?
oh , well , that's just a few minutes walk to my office , come around and see me now .
I would like to make a suggestion then , sir .
Good morning , Miss . Are there boat tickets to Miami on the first of September
What's the score ?
I think they gained courage after the mayor's speech last week on equality and opportunity for all town citizens . Anyway , the sentiments have been brewing for quite some time . I mean , we all know the working conditions at the factory are quite horrendous .
It's hot .
Yes , Miss Parks ? How may I help you ?
I ' m all right with that .
I follow you and I'll take three just for my trial .
My income remains the same but prices just continue to rise .
No need . I have only this small handbag with me .
Well , Americans may need to find a way to make the most of their fast foods .
OK . By the way , I would like to have this sweater washed by hand in cold water . It might shrink otherwise .
I want to pay all of it off today .
Oh , yeah ? I wonder who is going to give Jane away at the wedding . You know her father passed away several years ago .
Thank you for pointing that out . I mistakenly gave you your friend's breakfast .
What's the matter here ?
No , not at all . Glad to have you .
It just won't connect to a webpage , but it will pop up .
We'll pack them 10 dozens to one carton , gross weight around 25 kilos a carton .
When can I move into my new house ?
Would you like to register now ?
Could you pass me the jacket with wide lapels ?
3,000 Yuan is a little bit steep .
How about 12:45 ?
Well , now you're really going to freak out when I tell you who aced it ... what's-her-face ... the one who always kisses up to the teacher .
Oh , sorry to have bothered you .
It's fantastic !
I had my first cigarette when I was seventeen .
I'm always up for a drink . To tell you the truth , it's been quite stressful here too .
I think that we should have just the sub-committee .
I'm starving , so maybe we could go somewhere with large portions .
Yes , It is the right one .
Yes . I have switched it on for a long time . The room is still very cold .
I am very active and energetic . I approach things enthusiastically and I don't like leaving them half done .
I recommend you buy a two-bedroom house . It is very suitable for a couple , and some two-bedroom houses are large enough for a one-child family .
All right . Here you go .
I had to . I was missing you a lot .
I was scared stiff of giving my first performance .
This is delicious ! The combination of sour and spicy is really interesting ! I could have this everyday !
OK . But which size should I use ?
I am sorry , I didn ' t catch what you said . Could you repeat it please ?
What do you plan on making as a side dish for dinner ?
Yes , Florida had great weather while we were there . You look tan , too . Did you go somewhere ?
how ' s that ?
Thank you very much . See you tomorrow afternoon .
That's OK . We can go jogging , after we eat !
Your assistant said that it was time to come in and sign my escrow papers .
I was under the impression that both contracts had the same terms .
Would you like to go to work or continue your studies after graduation ?
It must be my special touch . I think bargaining is in my blood !
Whenever you're ready to check out , I'll be ready , sir .
Ok , I ' ll take a return ticket on the soft sleeper please .
Daniel , here is some money for the tickets .
What happens if I'm not finished with them in a month ?
What's the matter , Lisa ? You don't look too good .
Yes , I do . Who are your financial backers ? Who are the key competitors ? Does the company have a plan for the IPO ? What would you say is the best thing about your product or service ?
Oh , excellent . How much does it cost ?
Is your boss Chinese ?
Yes , I got a job as a Management Trainee .
It ' s almost impossible to get the right balance . If you are too strict , kids might ignore you . If you are too lenient , they might go wild .
That's true . Many people from the south don't like the weather here .
Do you like it here so far ?
Though our company doesn ' t have a return policy , limiting the personal use of internet , I don ' t think the boss will like us to do that .
Thank you ... Excuse me , sir . You forgot to fill in your visa number .
Yikes ! Thanks for your interest in this job . We ' ll be getting back to you .
I didn't like her butting in where I didn't want her . She's a chatter box .
Maybe a little of both . The doctor's can't point out anything specifically . I think it is because he didn't take care of himself during his youth .
I have enough time . I just can ' t seem to fall asleep and stay asleep .
What's new with you ?
All right . Can I pay with credit cards ?
what did you in mind ?
Well , you know I studied marketing in America . So maybe the thought of going back there to promote our brand is kind of exciting to me . I'd love to be part of the team .
Unfortunately , not . You see , because they are not registered , they can be bought and sold by anyone . They also can be cashed on maturity in any nationwide financial institution .
Thank you very much for your invitation .
One moment , please , and I will connect your call .
how are you doing ?
I think families everywhere have changed a lot in the last 5 decades .
No , I feel young , fresh and energetic .
What degree did you get ?
As far as a trial order is concerned , the quantity is by no means small . And generally speaking , we like to profit from a trial order . I hope you ' ll be able to meet our requirements .
No , they use litter boxes or go outside by themselves . Thev ' re so smart .
do you understand what duties that job would entail ?
Fine , thanks . How are you ?
Yes , it should be so . Then we should write the body and in the body we should mention the place where we saw the job advertisement .
We should particularly pay attention to acknowledgments in the interview .
I remember a case that was filled with obstacles . The first thing I did was research through documents and past cases that had similar circumstances . I assembled the facts and then tried to put them together and analyze the next step . I was able to get some input from another lawyer I happened to see at lunch . Through some hard work and fact digging , I was able to find a way to overcome most of the obstacles . I took my findings to my boss and made some recommendations , which she and I discussed and eventually resolved . My boss was impressed with the work I had done .
Come on . Tell me what happened .
That's all right . I hope we can help you at some other time . Good-bye .
At 10:20
Why don't you wear purple eye shadow for a change ? We also have lipstick to go with it .
Sure , honey . I'll read you a bed time story , too .
How many people are there in your family ?
I have a sore throat and headache .
This is Mr . Smith .
I'm much better . The stomachache is gone , and the doctor is about to give me another endoscope examination to see whether the ulcer has healed .
Can you tell me why you changed your major when you were a graduate student ?
You should be able to find something comfortable in town , though that would be kind of far from school .
Now that's a great plan . It's a date !
Oh . I like this one . I have been looking for this color and design . Please wrap it for me , and I ' ll take it .
Okay , I'll take it out front right now .
Don't worry , sir . I think it's a seller's market right now . Let me get down some information about your apartment first . what is your property's address ?
Yes , I agree . I think it is a cultural characteristic . It would be very hard to get us Americans to change this . But you know what ? Probably , in the future , Americans will have to change .
Am I back in your good books ?
But it still hurts . I thought I loved him .
Would you have time to go look at apartments with me ?
Does it close at that time every day ?
It's like information overload , not to mention the reliability of these papers and magazines .
What should I get Uncle Teddy ?
Mr . Sandals , I've worked here five years without seeing one cockroach .
Me ? Cook our dinners ? Hah ! You will be cooking , dear . You will cook .
What's the best way downtown ?
Yes . I buy most of my daily necessities online .
I really do not have time to deal with some lovesick computer geek .
I want some computer games also . I gave my parents a really long Christmas list .
This is a rotten way to start a vacation . I HATE lines ! Can you book me on tomorrow ' s flight ?
What have you been eating ?
How are your vegetables ?
Why don't you take a few days off ?
I hope you'll give a second thought to it .
I can explain them to you . It ' ll just take about a half an hour . How about Friday afternoon ?
You mean Johnny threw out all the dinnerware ?
But whether you like it or not , there ' s a trend of life-long study to make sure that we can keep ourselves up with the high developing society . And you need to accept this concept positively .
Ms Willows , hello . This is Daniel calling from IBA Bank .
What a pin-up she is !
What are you so ticked off about ?
All right , here is your $ 300 .
There is a square in front of us , we can park the car there .
It's snowing heavily .
Sure . Let ' s go .
Isn't there anything that sounds fishy ?
Yes , of course . Do you want to join the day tour or the night tour ?
Steven , have you any friend in London ?
It's an open book that it was stolen by the man in black .
345 Lincoln Avenue . Oklahoma City .
What time was it when you went up there ?
this bloody computer !
I'd like a 20 - cent stamp , please .
Why don ' t you try then ? Even if it doesn ' t help you find an American girl , you could still have a stronger and healthier body . You won ' t lose anything by doing that .
My goodness ! You ' re kidding !
Wow ! Call him tonight ! You guys will really have an interesting love story to tell everyone !
We assure you that shipment will be made no later than the first half of October .
Thank you very much for doing this interview .
Well . I think that the most amazing performances are by athletes who participate in the Paralympics .
I need to be motivated , Vince . Multi - motivated . As in multi-million .
Hello , is John in ?
When you go dinner with John , who foots the bill ?
Just pass the gym and it's the first door on your left . Were you aware that you can also turn in your old textbooks for money ?
Actually , I am learning that now . But it's too hard for me . You know the four tones and the stuff . It really freaks me out .
I know . But at that time your blame is rubbing salt into his wounds .
Oh , what's this ? Second-hand cellphone store ?
OK . 72 yuan .
Two bottles of white wine , please .
Let's go to Julian Store .
Excuse me . I'd like to apply for an immigrant visa .
Did you catch the news this morning ? I heard that there was a fire on Byron Street .
I have to be there before 17 00 .
Thanks , Hugh . I owe you one .
Yes ! We made it . 5 fifty-eight , just before the library closes .
That's no problem . We have many different ways to go about getting a mortgage and all with terms to suit you .
That's cool . What documents do I need to carry ?
I'll take a front one . My name is John Brown . J-O-H-N B-R-O-W-N .
Is she strict ?
Yes . what can I do for you ?
I always do volunteer work on the first Saturday of every month .
Today more and more people advocate lifelong learning . But people have different views about lifelong learning . How do you understand lifelong learning ?
Yeah . Sometimes I just cannot accept his behavior .
Can you believe her ? She is not even a hundred pounds and she is going off on how she wants to go on a diet .
Exactly how old a box do you want ?
Happy to know you , Tim .
All right . Let me prepare the supper .
About a week .
What basic principles do you apply to your life ?
You shouldn ' t work so hard .
I ' Ve got all the presents I need , and my family is working together to get all the food ready . That ' s easy ; but I have another problem to deal with .
Why don ' t you run off with him ? What are you waiting for ?
Hi Steve , it's nice to meet you . I hear that you're looking for an apartment , and I just rented a two-bedroom downtown . I'm looking for a compatible roommate .
How many diners will be in your group ?
Of course , it is a nice song that can make audience calm and pleasant .
It ' s about 7 o ' clock . let ' s have our breakfast first .
I feel like maybe I am coming down with the flu .
In my opinion , it has a broad prospect and it needs smart mind .
Maybe I can help .
It is . You must be new here . I do my shopping here regularly , once a week .
I think it's my ankle .
There wasn't really anything that I could do . There's always been a lot of bad blood between my manager and myself . If I had said anything , he would have fired for me for sure .
Roman is living in Rome , of course . And go to work by car , or bus , or on foot .
I'm planning on going to the market soon .
A lot of things . There is a part about how old people should accept being old and stop feeling restless . You really should read it .
Peak periods always entail hours of queuing . At least you got a nice tan though !
Hello , yes , I opened an L / C with you recently . We opened it 7 days ago .
Well , you have to make sure that your anti-virus software is updated regularly . yours wasn't up to date , that ' s probably what was causing your problems .
Yes , my whole body feels weak . And I really feel terrible .
Can I help you with anything else ?
Can you give me a wholesale list ?
I do not know what I could imagine , but I confess that I have seldom seen a face or figure more pleasing to me than hers .
Excuse me . Where is Q-Duck ? I remember it was around the second intersection of this street .
Tell me in details .
Well . There was one type of plant that catches insects and eats them .
Please use the phone .
Sure . Now it's all right . Here is your boarding pass and label . Have a nice trip .
All right . Welcome back anytime .
Yes . The price differs depending on how many you want .
Tu Mao , I'm hungry , let's get something to eat .
You can read the newspaper . Maybe it will tell you whether it will snow or not .
Can you get recommendations from your present employers ?
When did you change your mind ?
Thank you very much .
Hi , I'm here to check in .
Alright , let's go .
You are well-informed . Can you tell me something about the Patent Law in our country from the book you are reading ?
more and more Chinese are marrying foreigners .
You're going go Dresden for sightseeing ?
Certainly .
Shall we keep pur friendship ?
I suppose I should choose one from the ' Best Career List ' , to be a public officer , what do you think ?
How do you like the apartment ?
Sorry , I made a mistake . They're on the right side of the TV .
You'd better get up or you'll be late .
Oh , without a doubt . When is the next class ?
What ' s that building opposite us ?
I would've thought that somebody would have told you .
Spring is a lively season .
You might lose the file you were working on , but don't worry , the help desk can restore it . When did you last take a backup ?
I don ' t understand .
He's done staff for Microsoft and Boeing . I think he's been involved with Siemens ' training evaluations as well . I'll get you his card , you can give him a call .
I thought he only liked to listen ?
Good preparation will improve the effectiveness of the meeting . I am sure that your hard work will pay off .
You ' re leaving so soon . When are you off ?
Well , sometimes I think of how things could have turned out if I had done things a little differently .
I think so . Maybe that ' s why it ' s cheap here .
What do they say ?
That makes sense . Who interviewed you ?
I am sorry ; you can't borrow a jacket and a tie .
how about the Mongolian hot pot ?
The fruit and vegetables are over there .
cheese ...
Aerobic sports , for example , jogging , yoga , skating ...
No , I don't need to . I took Advanced Placement English in high school . So I'm not required to take composition .
We should do this more often .
It's a pity . Say , how about a place near enough ?
Oh , it's so . She looks very lovely . Could you give me some else information on her ?
Have you ever played Making ?
We would like a smaller cozy cottage with 2 bedrooms and 1 bathroom .
Did I ? Well . Anyway , you'll get your raise when the economy starts picking up .
I manage one of the ski lodges . It ' s a great job , I can spend a lot of my time outdoors , and I also get to ski for free all season .
do you have any other plans this weekend ?
OK ! Thank you .
What did the whetherman say ?
I like spring . The days are long and the nights are short . The flowers in blew . We go on picnics
Oh .
I have trouble understanding all these forms ... but I'm sure I'll get it .
Thank you , Kenvir . You're so kind .
Really ? We began to load the goods after we made sure they were qualified .
Yes , I do . I was born and bred here .
What are you thinking about ?
Creativity , the ability to organize , the entrepreneur's spirit , comprehensive knowledge of human studies , ability of gathering information , expert competence of communication and deep professional skills .
You shouldn't drink soda when you're really thirsty .
2 months .
I'd like to have medium .
Go and look in the kitchen .
I know that . I have seen the film as the same title . Andrews gives a performance to be remembered for a lifetime from Maria to a cheerful governess .
I ' m concerned about your lack of marketing experience and , frankly , your age , you ' re pretty new at all this .
I thought you were making dinner tonight .
Where did you go there .
Such an eye ! The true hazel eye-and so brilliant ! Regular features , open countenance , with a complexion , Oh ! What a bloom of full health , and such a pretty height and size ; such a firm and upright figure ! There is health , not merely in her bloom , but in her air , her head , her glance . One hears sometimes of a child being ' the picture of health ' ; now , she always gives me the idea of being the complete picture of grown-up health . She is loveliness itself .
look ! they've taken your fur coat too .
Do not mention it .
Right ... anything else ?
You don't look well at all . Are you sick ?
so , how's your course going ? Do you like it ?
Gee ! You scared me !
I'm sorry , Peter . I hope you'll continue to approach us on other occasions if you cannot accept our offer now .
I didn't realize it was so difficult though I know I'm always too nervous in such competition .
The skin packing is the most advanced packing for this product in the world market . It catches the eyes and can help push sales .
Well , we could just go out as friends .
That ' s more like it !
Can you tell me the calling number , please ?
You are not serious ?
Yes . I ' d like to obtain a master ' s degree in international relations .
Sure . I ' d like to see how it washes .
There's a bag in the bathroom . Just put your laundry in it .
Don't believe him . He ' s a liar .
We're coming .
Oh , am I seeing Mr . Li ?
I only wanted to help him .
Will there be any extra charge ?
Yeah , more people need to take public transportation or carpool .
Good morning , how are you doing today ?
Hey , look at the offer I got in my e-mail . It says that I can get rich quickly while working at home !
Anything's all right with me . I'm not particular about soups .
Good game ?
Hi . Mike .
Sorry ! The stretch for that octave is always hard to make .
Um ... do you think we can make a pit stop ?
Let's have lunch together today .
Yes . I think so . It ' s not a very expensive apartment . It ' s in the right area and it has everything that we are looking for . The rooms are quite large too .
About 300 a month .
I told you to get this consignment out last week . We can't very well run a light bulb conference without any light bulbs , can we ? What am I going to do with you ?
She sure knows how to strut her stuff .
Well , doctors are such an important job . I mean your health is the most imponent thing you've got , isn't it ? I want to be important and help people .
Yes , please tell her I stopped by .
No , everyone keeps in mind that ' Don't intrude in a family dispute ' .
What's the matter with you ? You look so upset and tired .
Only as a clerk in a store .
Alright . Alright .
We ' re having a lot of trouble with our printer . Could you come and take a look at it sometime this afternoon ?
Don ' t you think you are overreacting a little ? Calling you by nicknames shouldn ' t be so bad ...
I want to make a reservation under the name of William Smith .
Good afternoon , sir . You are really a regular customer here . May I ask you why you come here so often ?
No , I don't like short hair . I like this one . The wave looks beautiful , and it fits my age too .
How many of you ?
OK . But let me park my car in a better position . All right , miss . Where are the bags ?
Is that Room service ?
Hey , Ken . Good luck if you already put your money on the Red Sox .
I suspect it's unavoidable .
That'll be great .
Mary told me that she had seen you with John last night . I got to know the fact that you are playing the field .
We may go abroad . I ' m not sure . My wife wants to go to Egypt . I ' d like to go there , too . We can ' t make up our minds .
I think you should buy a bottle of moisturizer .
Have you worked in a computer company before ?
It's certainly a popular hobby . I know a lot of people love stamps .
Sweet . Can you tell me where it is ?
Thanks . I'll let him know .
Mom , I finished .
Have you ever been tested for allergies ?
Absolutely . And it's a good way to kill time during the tour .
That ' s right . Drive back to the traffic rights and turn right . Follow the road for about a mile , until you see the plaza hotel . It ' s a really big hotel . You can ' t miss it . Turn left at the hotel .
I've mailed a formal written invitation to your home inviting you to a dinner party at my home .
Mmmm , sounds interesting ... gourmet chocolates , where are they produced ? Belgium ?
Never mind . It ' ll be over in 10 minutes .
Not too good , I'm sorry .
We have a selection of orange , apple , grape and lemonade .
I would like to get some meat today .
I like slim girls , so I doubt I would find a plump girl attractive . You ' ll have to give me some more information .
When pigs fly !
you're right ! How are you ? It's been a long time !
Hug ! And this sweater from my aunt ? Isn ' t it hideous ?
No , this is a focus-free camera . All you have to do is point and press the button .
I ' ll leave at ten o ' clock .
Ok , count me in .
Oh , the policeman's coming .
Which day would suit you ?
Maybe not , but I advice you to say it was your fault .
What kind of music do you enjoy listening to ?
Do you have an appointment , Mr . Liu ?
So , do you want to go somewhere for dinner and practice our English together tonight ?
Yes . They should check the elevator regularly . I have to give them something to remember about , and they should also equip fire extinguishers in the building .
Thank you . That's very nice of you .
Wow , talk about job perks ! That's great . I would like to do something exciting like that . But I am only an accountant . Not too much excitement there . huh ?
It's for fun . And also , the apples here are Green Food .
Yeah , I want the note .
That sounds like a blue rose ! My sitting by his bed ?
I see . Not everyone is cut out to work in management .
Yes , Jane invited me for dinner to this new restaurant which opened near us .
A millionaire ? As a jazz musician ?
Do you want an IBM-compatible PC or a Macintosh ?
That sounds interesting ! I'll send a fax . As soon as I receive the definite answer , I'll give you a special answer .
Will the utilities be turned on ?
Yes , that would make a good ending for your resume .
That ' s crazy !
Hello , this is Li King . Can I talk to your manager ?
How did you know ! They say listening to classical music can make your baby smarter !
Thank you very much , Mr Green .
That's exactly what I think too .
I know , fresh fruit flavored is the best ever .
What do you think of your present job ?
I envy her and also I hate her at the same time .
You are a smart girl !
Great ! So , are you ready for a full day of shopping ?
What do you think of it ?
Anything important happened ?
I'm thinking of taking his class next semester .
I see . I'll bring some to-go boxes for you .
Sorry , he's out .
Don ' t you know Christmas is coming ? I have a lot of things to get ready .
Will you look at this form ?
And he may cash in on people whenever chances are provided .
Can you believe the headlines ?
I have all the information in this folder .
And where's the elevator ?
I don't think this is fresh .
Bob , you're so lucky that you've come at the right time-the 2005 International Tourism Festival is around the corner .
Oh , it wants me to put in my PIN number . OK , I can do that ...
Don't get upset over it . At least you have another week to go .
Hi , I'm Josephine Chen , the tour guide for the Jade Agency . We have a reservation of twenty rooms for tonight .
Good . Go on , please .
Tell me what you want to eat .
Where is your domicile ?
Sure . Here you are . Attach the label to your luggage and put your bag here .
Indeed , they are . Keeping staff happy is the only way to keep them with the company .
First of all , you should pay attention to what you eat . Don't eat too much food with high calories , such as chocolate , ice cream and the like .
You mean , kung fu may not be so powerful as it is imagined ? To some extent your idea holds water . Kung fu was originally intended for self-defense , but with time it became something more than defense skills . Now we are apt to treat it as an art .
Well , I'm glad you're finally back . I was wondering what happened .
Hello , are you Muriel Douglas ?
The last one clockwise .
Let's see what we'll take .
Sure that ' s fine . Here is the list of all the things you need to get . Don't forget anything ! And can you pick up a bottle of wine on your way home ?
I think that show biz stars have a really easy life . They have lots of money , so they can buy almost anything they want . They ' re famous , so everyone loves them .
I really did ! I started thinking about what I wanted to say three weeks ago .
Excuse me , Sir , May I have the time , please ?
Professor wang can I ask a few questions ?
Well , I thought it was $ 83 .
Yes , you like them very much . right ?
I tried it a couple times . But I don't like it . I like alcohol better . Don ' t worry about them , though . If you don't want to smoke pot , you don't have to .
No problem at all ! I am taking a long road trip and I want to make sure my car is in good mechanical condition .
...
I suppose they're playing games .
It's already half past four . We should go and pay our respects . Taylor's family will be there .
Cool ! It must be amazing to work at a bar !
I just bought a new atlas . I ' m looking this map of the world . Look at Russia ! That ' s a vast country .
Sure I will get to do that right now .
We could try it for the first few weeks and see if she likes it .
Double rooms with twin beds .
Mr . Anderson , the boss wants to see you .
I think we should get half a kilo of minced beef and a few pork chops .
He came to work late every day that week . Then on Friday , he didn't show up at all .
Yeah , but so what ! I ' m proud to live in the world ' s most exciting city . And , the salaries here are the highest in the nation , too .
Can you take care of sending out a bulletin by e-mail to all the club members ?
Charge . Here's my card .
$ 15 . And for a hard one , only $ 6 .
Where'd you get the ticket at ?
I start by listening to the song a few times and after several times I am able to follow the singer .
I loved PCC .
I'd like to treat you with acupuncture if you agree .
You're late .
I didn't find it overwhelming to earn a good grade if you work at it . Can you do that ?
I really want to make a salad .
fine . Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives .
Woo hoo ! This just might be the start of the rest of my life !
No , I just started working here at IBM , I am assigned sale department .
Don ' t be worried . Please sit down and take it easy .
And how long do those take ?
Everything in this magazine seems expensive . You could probably find something similar in a discount furniture store .
Yes , I'd like to book a table for two this evening .
If necessary , I can stay here to accompany you until you are discharged .
I got the ticket in front of my apartment .
Glad to hear that . Generally , it is 2 to 3 hours more than your working hours .
Ms . : Do you have a question , Mary ?
I traveled the Three Gorges .
I need one full set of sheets in King-size .
They are very uncomfortable . But women always wear uncomfortable shoes !
What ' s the postage on this letter to hongkong , please ?
Do you have the receipt with you ?
Well , I'm not so sure . Most of my make-up is brown .
What ? A fire ? Oh , my God ! What shall I do ? Please get me out of here !
Oh . Thanks . Look , I must just go and say hello to someone . I'll be right back .
Every time I try to start this program , the computer freezes .
Trust me .
What was it for ?
I wish I had a dog . My cat can't do any tricks .
Oh , that's good . We will come to our final decision based on your credit rating , the payment capability ...
I don't care about that , Allen ! What did he steal ? That's the question !
Let me see a doctor .
For what ?
Are you a doctor ?
It works if you keep at it . Come on , let's go !
I really like the book you lent me the other day .
We have an hour-long lunch break from twelve to one . We can take coffee breaks during the day . My boss doesn't mind , as long as we get our work done on time .
No , PLS post the bill to 124 Hildrod Lane , Milton County , 98830 .
Oh , I haven ' t noticed that before . Maybe I will try next time .
Not at all , Sam .
I know that I should learn how to save more , but I hope that we can spend a little on ourselves sometimes .
Far more than that , I dare to say ! Inland provinces and cities , Hong Kong and Macao , as well as many countries and regions in the world have an exhibition area of their own to display their unique flowers and plants . Each month there's a special day for a particular country or region , and folk performances are given . You will feel it a great pity if you missile Kunming Expo .
OK . Oh , how much do you make at your current job , if you don ' t mind my asking ?
That ' s fine . I'll have a try .
Thanks for reminding me . She's the right person to help me .
Do you have any sales experience ?
I bashed it against the chair in my room .
What kind of software can you use skillfully ?
Yes ! Thank goodness you ' re here . These bugs are driving us crazy !
I'm really sorry , I'll bring you a hot one right away .
Hello . This is the operator . Can I speak to Mr . Smith , please ?
He doesn ' t lift a finger ! I bend over backwards cleaning up all day and he sleeps in until noon .
I haven't met the Smiths for a long time .
Oh . This is Paul . When will he be back ?
Yes . As you know , that's the common practice for exporting computer . This can avoid some damages on computers in the process of transportation .
I think that one fits you . Do you need insurance ?
How do you get along with people whose characters are different from your own ?
It's at 7:30 a . m .
Well , it is different in different countries . But it's because of the high tax that buying liquor duty-free is such a good deal .
Those small countries are microscopic compared to Russia . European countries are relatively small . France looks quite big in Europe , but compared to many countries in other continents , it ' s not very l
Visual C + + , C and Delphi .
But somebody told me this was the right bus to take . I want to go to Tian'anmen Square , you see .
For our lunch meeting with the investors , do we have to make a reservation at the restaurant or do we just show up ?
Why don't they drive ? Isn't a car more convenient than the subway ?
Yeah . Here ' s my list . I ' m not sure if the class schedule will allow me to take all of them though .
Sure . Thank you for saying that . Actually , those songs were sung for the first time today . I wrote them in the past two months .
Do you want to work part-time or full-time ?
to people all over the world ! I have a lot of net pals . See , the magic of internet is that it connects people from all over the world . You can chat with someone thousands of miles away as if they were
Are you doing different fundraisers ?
But all the evidence points to you .
How about if I pay $ 850 ?
Well . Didn ' t you go around to the Smith after school ? You might have left it there .
Yeah . But it's fun . Look at those two ugly old ladies ... or are they men ?
When these papers get processed , the house will be yours !
No , I'm here all by myself .
Can you tell him that it ' s urgent ?
Wow , the view from the peak is so grand !
All right . What time are you coming ?
By the way , I'd like to change some U . S . dollars to pounds and I want to know today's exchange rate .
I do . And now I'm working hard to learn English , and I want to be an interpreter some day .
We can leave it in there for about twenty five minutes . Then we let it cool for ten minutes before we remove the cake from the pan .
' Round ' and ' frame ' are two different terms .
Hello , can I start you off with anything to drink ?
And you ' re going to completely transform your eating habits , right ?
But the poll says only 15 percent say he will be remembered as an outstanding president .
I used to go hunting with my uncle , that's how .
You can say that again . The government must open it ' s eyes to the fact .
I got a promotion . Lunch is on me .
800 yuan a month .
I am afraid the new one is not exactly the same as the others .
Wow , that much ? Don't they have any public courses ?
How do you think people get their personalities ?
How about 60 % for the first load , then 20 % each ?
Yes , you should be there . Go find the manager and ask . I think the manager will understand and approve you a day off . Don ' t forget to fill in the leave application form . It will be signed by the manager for approval .
Yes , we appreciate your efforts in pushing the sales of our pianos . We can see you are experienced in this particular line .
It's ZN741 to Atlanta on July 1st .
It must be very demanding .
Have you ever found yourself in a situation when you have to lie to people who trust you ?
The Redskin ' s quarterback just threw a touchdown pass for seven points . We ' re losing again .
Yes , Ms . Ross ? What do you need ?
It ' s too bad that you have to leave so early .
Oh , that ' s a nice idea . Well , it ' s fine if you take our picture .
Sure . The fitting room is over there .
Yes , it's OK .
It's a bit of a problem situation , actually ... you see , our company has a Corporate Account with you , but unfortunately , we've been experiencing cash flow problems recently .
I usually meet some friends and we play sports together or I might spend some time alone on my hobbies . I spend winter evening watching tv , but I spend summer evening at cultural events if I have time .
In that case , I'm fit for the position I think .
Look , most of the maple leaves have turned red .
New York Airport . May I help you ?
Bye-bye !
The right opportunity for you would come along soon . You know , music is transnational .
Tim , please . Please be seated .
It is not an easy job . How do you like the advertisement for the new product ?
I'm very old-fashioned . I believe in loyalty . Once I start a sales relationship with someone , I stay with him or her , and we so most of our business on the phone . I expect their absolute best price possible and don't haggle . But if I find out they screwed me over , then I find another supplier .
Ok , you could try the Peking wonton then .
I usually watch a lot of television before I go to bed . Maybe I should try something else to help me quiet down .
It's Lin . It's spelled L-I-N .
It was great . The director took a lot of care while framing . They say be has good chance at winning the Oscar for best director . Also I like the actors , some really great new young actors .
Not bad . Thank you . You look great today . And how is your husband ?
Mom ! ? ? ?
I've never thought about it like that before .
I'd like to reserve a table for three this evening .
At least you ' re doing your part . My contribution is to have a pet in the house that I treat like a member of the family .
It ' ll take about 20 minutes .
I'm really confused by these annoying abbreviations .
Hi ! I see you are having fun with your new computer and internet connection .
I'm sorry , Steven .
The job market is so competitive nowadays . I want to develop some useful skills .
I talked to them probably about two weeks ago . Yeah , everything is going well .
Don't worry about it , Lin . That ' s no big deal . You know , Americans appreciate China's rich culinary culture . Just excuse me for a second while I check the number here and figure out how much to give the waiter . Hmm , by the way , what do you do about tipping in China ?
yes , but I'd like to have a chance at job advancement .
Can I ask you a question ?
What do you mean ? What happened ?
Yes . Natural pearls or cultured pearls ? We have both kinds .
Want to meet for lunch this Saturday ?
Yes , I think so .
I ' m not sure , but in the meantime we will freeze these charges .
Great ! Thank you very much .
Oh , steve . Stop it ! I am a bit nervous ! What if he doesn't call ?
It doesn't matter . Bye-bye !
I prefer glossy . How much ?
That is a good idea .
Who's calling ?
Let me see . That is no problem . I'll see you then .
Watch out , Patrick !
Well , they're on sale today for only $ 1 each .
OK ! Come this way please . You should fill a form here first . Here you are .
it quit working last week and I haven't had a chance to buy a new one yet .
Hi ! Nicole !
Can you believe that Susan got married ?
It doesn't look right to me .
Q-Duck ? Do you mean the famous roast-duck store ?
I'm pleased to meet you again , Mrs . King .
Good morning , sir . What can I do for you ?
Right . How about the Bearer Certificates ? Can they be cashed before the maturity date ?
Please inform us of your decision as soon as possible .
Yes , they are . That ' s very important to us . We like to live in a home with plenty of natural light . Each room has large windows .
What's this amount for ?
Hello , sir . Have you reserved already ?
Chicken salads are really good .
I received a lot of emails from potential clients that I had to answer . Each time , I had to check files to see what we had agreed at earlier meetings . Each client has different conditions and required
What about the quality ?
OK , your work experience is impressive , and I think you sound right for this position , but I do have 3 other people to interview , so you'll be hearing from us within a week .
Dad ! I ' m gonna catch a cold !
I'll have a hamburger .
Could you please cover for me two hours this morning ?
But how did you know I was working for WebTracker ?
Here you are . That comes to 120 yuan .
Not yet , what's your opinion ?
Sure . Any time .
I didn't do well in last exams . If my father knows it , he will beat me up .
Sis , why did you ask me to come to this bargain market ? It's so crowded , and you can't find anything that you really want .
I've got it all covered .
Well , I guess no one can help me but myself . For the moment , I just need someone to talk to so that I can relieve my stress .
How about a Mac ?
In fact my records were excellent . My overall GPA was 9 on a 10 scale , which was the highest in my class .
I don't like that . I like fried food , fried potatoes , fried chicken , fried sausage ... I can't see why fried food is not healthy .
And your weaknesses ?
I have a small family . They are my parents , my younger brother and me .
I ' ll remember to bring gum with me .
There's one at nineteen and the next is at nineteen forty .
It's raining .
Ok then , I ' ll follow you .
That ' s alright , . I think I should be able to make it at one fifteen . Can you put me down for that time slot ?
That would be my pleasure . I'll wrap the perfume up in the gift box for you too .
we've got plenty to choose from here .
Anything with a lot of action , I like thrillers and chillers .
Sure . Here you go .
If I told her that , she would faint and have me committed !
I think I'd better . I have twenty four credits this time around . That might be a bit much .
Excuse me , what do you want for this bag ?
This is your receipt which you have to keep until the remittee receives the express . You can also check your post on our web . The post number is on the top of the receipt .
Sure do ! This one is a quarterly publication , but each issue has over 200 color pages of recipes and also many home decorating ideas !
Good suggestion . Could you please bring us a chocolate mousse cake and four dessert forks , please ?
Can you lend me your car ?
how late were you ?
Do you want one ?
Ok , I will . You have said that many times .
No , not today at least . Enjoy your visit to the United States , Mr . Lee .
I would take it . After all , interest is not the only thing one should care about .
I'm with you on that . Check out that one over there . I think I'm in love !
Exactly how short do you want it ?
Not at all , sir . I'd just like to delay our meeting to next week , I'll have time at the beginning of next week .
Wang , what's that building over there ? It looks like some sort of a huge pavilion .
Oh , I see . We have both hard and soft contact lenses . They are very popular , but a little more expensive than ordinary glasses .
I am sorry . I can ' t hear your very clearly . Could you say that again , please ?
This is only your second time skiing . This is definitely a case of the blind leading the blind .
Problems are inevitable .
Why ? You pay so much for such a tiny space to live .
Yep . Let's do it . I'm pretty excited !
You want to be a politician ? Yuck .
We are checking in . May I have your ticket ? And your health certificate and your luggage , please .
What for ?
Yes , it did . But my parents are ethnic minority people . It's a preferential policy for an ethnic minority family to have two children .
I want to work in an office .
Excuse me , would you please tell me where I can find a telephone ?
Good morning .
Sure . You will get more if you can invite more customers with your good service .
You can always make a sandwich .
Didn't you bring his favorite toy ?
Well , a way to make a living , of course , but beyond that I think a job is a way of developing oneself as a person .
With that dress I'd like to say your white diamond necklace would look perfect .
Whatever dude , I ' m going to go watch the opening match .
She's the teacher's pet , that's why . Besides , he's so laid back he lets her get away with it . She just really rubs me the wrong way . And you know what ? I think she's got the hots for him , too .
See you around !
Do you want to go to the beach there ?
Sometimes they are too independent .
Oh , my God ! What do I do now ? Bone head , bone head , bone head ( He smashes his head with his hand . ) .
I don't know ! Can I park my car now ?
Oh , and Andy ? Do you have a quarter for the phone ? My wallet's in the car .
well , I'm really worried about my grades . I didn't think this course would be so stressful .
So , Wily , you have been with IBM for two years ready for change ?
So what would your role in the company ?
This is Milton in room 402 . I would like to check out . Can anyone help me with my baggage ?
The low price I'm offering you is as low as I can go .
I don ' t mind , but I like girls with long hair .
Don ' t ! Stay the course ! Your spoken Chinese will be eternally grateful . I bet you it will even surpass mine with all that practice .
Come on , you sound like my Mom . Look at it , it's beautiful !
Office romance is very tricky .
I'm so hungry . Shall we go eat now , Rick ?
How ' s your son these days ?
It's hard to describe . They're sweet , but also sort of acidity .
Do you like the food here ?
nowadays , you can be a DJ . You can mix dance music . You don ' t need to be able to play musical instrument or sing .
It feels good . Are there cowl-neck pullovers with the same color ? My wife prefers a turtleneck to a V-shaped collar .
Roast beef .
Hi there , Philip . How ' s everything going ?
I was denied a visa ?
Sure . Mom , I can take care of you .
Alright Steve . Your social security number ?
What number ?
The fried shrimp is crunchy ! But my mom will never cook shrimp this way . She always says that fried food is not healthy .
We run a fully equipped computer lab on the first floor .
You ran into my car .
How about 50,000 RIB . Would that be a problem ?
There is one around the corner .
English is my favorite .
Yes , his face looks are manly , with a straight nose and infinite eyes . As a man of medium height in the West , he keeps a powerful but elegant figure , looking neither lanky nor stout .
ABC Rent-a-Car . May I help you ?
I saw your car outside , so I stooped by .
It happened in the morning . I just came home from work and found the lock broken .
Yes . I have got two articles in English in The International Youth Writer's Collection .
She keeps talking when I'm reading .
I know some junior high kids who can stay out later than that .
And why are you yarning now ? Are you bored ?
Sure . How about this carry-on bag ?
Ready ? Say cheese .
And I was glad to receive your letter .
What's the way you keep in contact ?
Any time . I'm just glad I could help .
No , not all summer . Just for six weeks .
How nice of you to come !
I ' m ready looking forward to it . This party is going to be a blast !
Do you want to buy a new bicycle ?
No , not at all . The examples he gives are very interesting .
Right on , right on ! Well , Jim went to the rink with Sherry and he said it was dy-no-mite ! He was low on bread , but Sherry paid for everything .
What time will the library be closing ?
I'm ready . I'll look forward to it all Friday !
I have working knowledge of Windows and Dos . Actually , I'm quite familiar with both Java and C + + Programming Languages .
My name is Paul Harper .
Who ' s calling ?
Yes , but I don't mind working hard .
I see . OK . So what ' s next ?
Here you are , Miao Ping . Don't laugh at the horrible photo today , OK ?
No , she ' s running toward our house . That ' s her ringing the bell .
How about sick days ?
I am really enjoying it here so far .
We have successfully fulfilled our work plan . In fact , we are No . 1 in terms of market share .
Let me guess , your parents want you to marry a Chinese man , right ?
And do you know where the national bank is ?
Explain the economic law ? An essay question again ?
It's perfect ! It's a Dilbert tie !
Haven't you met yet ?
I got professional training in this field , and I believe I can fit the position well .
Sure I would .
Thursday ? Oh , sorry . I meant thursday too . I mean I busy then too .
Would you mind waiting a while ?
Hi Kate ... thanks ... wow ! Look at all the furniture . You must spent a fortune on it ! I love your new three-pieces suite .
Probably good prices . You know we will only be in America for about a year .
You sneak !
I ' m afraid I ' ll be late .
Ok , Mum . I will not fail the examination next time .
John , do you have a minute ?
Where can I change the address on my driver ' s license ?
I think it ' s fairly useful , but there are two big problems . First , a lot of the information you find online is false . Second , when you buy something online , you don ' t see it until you actually get it .
He died of lung cancer , right ?
Are you flying home ?
Other than the employees , our boss Jack invited some friends of the company .
All right . Here it is .
I'd love to ! But I have never learned martial arts , and there is only a month left before the New Year .
I know . But I did not do it .
Even her mom ?
I'm afraid I don ' t .
I ' d better go tomorrow .
Definitely .
Oh , no , are they back ? I'll give you another room immediately , sir , and a refund for tonight .
That's true . She's highly esteemed among everyone at my company .
Thank you very much . See you then .
Yes , may I have some water , please ?
Sure . Please come this way .
When will the plane reach Hong Kong for the morning flight ?
Okay . It looks like rain .
Right , that's no problem . I see you are already well informed . If you choose that one , you can borrow up to 70 % of the total tuition and miscellaneous fees .
Hi ! Dear ! I'm waiting for you .
I was planning on making some kind of vegetable .
Take me to the railroad station . Can you put my baggage in the trunk ?
You're dancing so well .
You look like a cooking show host--only messier .
Ok . I guess we ' d be not do that , either , then . What do you want to do ?
You seem excited about it .
Yeah , that's her . We had a lot of wonderful times together . She is really a special friend , and I want to get her something meaningful .
Great ! Do you know someone else who is also looking for an apartment ?
That would be nice . How are you getting there ?
Those were the good old days , sir , indeed .
My acceptance letter to Yale !
I don ' t mind that . But she disagrees with me about everything .
I ' d be glad to . Just leave them on my desk . I didn ' t expect you to finish so soon .
Not very much . It sounds too emotional to me .
What are you doing in this neighbourhood ? Do you live around here ?
Yes , that is correct . We will arrange for the shipping costs and insurance policy .
Let's take a look at our bill . The total price for our dinner is $ 36 . 00 .
Do you keep any pets , such as cats , dogs ?
I don ' t know what I ' m going to do ! It ' s going to be impossible to make ends meet if I lose my job !
no , but I ' m planning on visiting Australia and New Zealand soon . I ' Ve heard that they are beautiful countries . Which is the most beautiful country you ' Ve been to ?
Damn !
Oh , really ! It looks so different . Our old place turns into a brand new place .
Please fill out this form .
No , not yet . I just want a haircut .
I am an eloquent speaker in the classroom . But when I face a stranger outside , I get tongue-tied and nothing comes out .
No , I didn ' t . What else should I keep in mind ?
No . Not right now . When I feel better I ' ll call you again .
Is that the box-office ?
Yes . Did you know that the senior class president works for the class for life ? The job doesn't stop when we graduate .
What does that imply , then ?
How do you know that ?
Yes , of course . I am going to have my appendix removed .
They pay enough .
I see , sir . For a gentleman of your size I would recommend a single-breasted jacket as it does tend to make one look a little slimmer . Just let me take your measurements , Let's see , neck 41cm , chest 110cm , wait 120cm and inside leg 70cm . You do have short legs , sir .
How many gallons do you want ?
Sorry , sir . The prices here are all fixed .
Autumn is the best season in Beijing , you know .
What's going on ?
The acting of the heroine is too artificial .
I'm going to put on more clothes , too .
Do you think children watch too much tv ?
Great ... Well , let me tell you that I am very pleased with this interview . We are short-listing our candidates this week , and next week we will inform our short listed candidates of the day and time for a second interview with our CEO .
Have you heard about our special promotion this month ? If you purchase at least 18 dollar 50 cents in any Elizabeth Arden products , you will receive this black poke with a sample of lipstick , mascara and two shades of white shadow .
Do you always go on business or do you sometimes go for a holiday ?
I'd like to talk to her about my accommodation situation .
What about this one ? It's natural ingredients .
She's ten .
Working here involves a busy schedule and overtime . Is that true ?
That's so sweet . What was the occasion ?
Yes . It ' s sometimes scary if you think of the tremendous amount of media we face every day .
It is so popular among people to preserve health now , so I read some books about health food .
Thanks , Jeanine , you are a real pal . Let's go in .
Yeah , It's only for girls .
In a month .
Yes , actually , I did make a little bit of money .
In that case , I'll give you a certificate , so you can get it reimbursed .
Oh , about 10 miles . It takes me about an hour .
No , I'll pay . It's my turn anyway . You paid last time .
Thank you . I am very excited .
Maybe next week .
How nice . I hope the weather will stay like this for the whole week . I'm going on the canoe trip this weekend .
Why are you so rude to your wife ?
I heard the film was after the novel The Godfather .
Oh , OK . That's a nice name , Nandu . And where are you from ?
Hi . I want to check out . My room is 1005 .
You don ' t like this sort of exercise ?
They want to travel to Europe next year , and will visit us at the same Ae .
What would you like to ask me ?
So what's wrong with the drain ?
No , mom . Piano is for girls .
my family loves spicy food . We often eat Chinese , Thai , Indian , or Mexican food when we're in the mood for spice .
 200 , please .
More than half of the employees have bachelors ' degree .
And how much is the coca cola ?
To have a combination of technical and business knowledge and to be very results-oriented . My past record shows that I have those qualities and more . Because of my business acumen and technical know-how , the teams I have managed accomplished outstanding results , including booking more than $ 50 million in online revenue .
What's your favourite steps ?
Yeah I know . I also decided to throw away the old toaster and get a new one . I am also getting a rice cooker and steamer to make some nice steamed fish or veggies .
Wait , you love salmon , don't you ? They have the best salmon pasta .
Where were you born ?
It ' s for the campaigns .
I'll meet you at the Gate round about seven .
I'm glad you appreciate our folk music . But a live performance is much more interesting .
Yeah , it's the last world-wide horti-cultural exposition in the century , and one of the grand festivities of cross-century significance held by the China's tourism industry .
Yeah , I already knew that . That could be a good thing .
Amazing ! I can imagine the feeling when I hear the smooth tune around my ears .
I can help you . What location are you looking for ?
Yeah , but I don't usually have time to eat a big breakfast .
You're so thoughtful . Wish you a good trip home . And we'll miss you .
Um , I ' m just having a look around . It ' s my girlfriend ' s birthday tomorrow . I'm trying to find her something .
Well , he uses our VCR at home . But he's going to university in the Fall , so he needs his own VCR .
I want to sign up for some funds units . How do I go about it ?
Where to ?
Can you tell me something about financial aid ?
What's strange about that ! As a person born under the sign of Cancer , I am home-loving and wish for a peaceful family life . But according to astrology , Sagittarius guys are too adventurous and risk-taking . They seldom think of leading a settled and peaceful life .
My doctor says that I need a blood test .
Do you feel better now ?
Good afternoon , Mr . Chen . How are you ?
I have a resume here .
Did you happen to notice if she was interested in any of the other kids ?
What should I do when I find a job ?
Well , there's this clock I was ... MY vintage clock ! How do you have my clock ? ?
Yes , I have a Cambridge Business English Certificate and Lawyer ' s Qualification Certificate .
That's exciting , man .
How do you do , Mr . Smith ? Let me help you with your luggage .
I don't mind . By contrast , I quite like the circumstances , as I can see a variety of people here , who can always give me tremendous inspiration . And the most important thing is coffee as it is my life .
No , no . I mean stealing vegetables on Internet is very popular now . Many white collars join in this game and have a lot of fun by stealing others ' vegetables .
It's the same kind of deal though , you know , you never know what you're going to get .
We have a special on these skirts this week . Would you like to try one on ?
You can get your supplies upstairs from Mrs . Horn .
Can I speak to Miss Cooper please ?
let me see ... yes , one window seat and one aisle seat .
Great . We can't keep up with the demand .
They don't have toilets at the campground ?
I think your speech was excellent .
this party rocks !
I'd like to buy a toy car for my son .
I'll go to the Yellow Stone Park , and Great Canyon .
Thanks , good-bye !
You're right . We don't know what is going to be like tomorrow .
Project Management . I was very interested in this course when I was a student . And I think it's very useful for my present work .
Of course not . Let's talk to him in a very friendly way .
Where do you see yourself three years from now ?
I would like to come in at 10
Mr and Mrs Ryefield , that's R-Y-E-F-I-E-L-D .
Ok , here you are .
Your dream comes true now .
Excuse me , can you tell me where the post office is ?
that ' s an excellent suggestion . I can easily do it on the computer .
Do you do morning exercises ?
You apparently missed a court appearance .
I have to get an BELTS score of 7 . 5 overall . Do you think I can do that ?
Yes , of course . It's so much easier than cash , to be honest ; nowadays I hardly ever use cash . I just put it on the card and pay off the balance every month .
OK . Is it convenient for us to come now ?
Oh . it ' s a case flowers . It ' s very kind of you .
Mother , I don't remember the girls . How old are they ?
Right now he speaks mostly Chinese , and he can say a few English words . But he will learn .
Size 38 or 39 .
Yes , you're seeing him on Thursday . You're inspecting the factory in the morning and having dinner with him in the evening .
I live at 606 Zhongguancun Road , Apt 802 , Beijing .
Here comes the bus .
I heard many stories about your brother .
Hello , I ' m Mark . I ' m just wondering if you are free this weekend .
I am not good at picking gifts . Maybe you can ask if there's anything she needs to make it easier ?
Hello . I called earlier in the week and spoke to someone in the personal loans department about an overseas study loan . She said to come in as soon as I had the chance , as this must be done in person . I'd like to apply today .
We wake up early and go to church . Then we come back home and open our gifts together . How about you ?
How can I go there to have a taste ?
Honestly speaking , I think the one next to it suits you better .
Good afternoon , Mrs Smith .
Yes , I often feel like a million dollars after work , like I can take on anything .
sounds very interesting . I can't wait to go there .
Their family is very similar to Cindy and Ron ' s family .
That was mean to say .
What do you want to do next time ?
Hi , Paulo . How are things going ?
Can you believe this ? I locked my keys in the car , and I have to go to the airport to pick up my aunt .
Perfect . Thanks very much for calling . See you soon , bye !
It seemed to be useless to study well when we were young if we examine his case .
Hello , is this 4482098 7 ? I'd like to speak to Mr Doff .
You mean I should please her by following her suggestion .
Tell you what , I'll be calling Jim late this week anyway , so I'll mention it to him then .
But you have so many friends ! How could you be lonely ?
Yes , I really want to know about the housing system in your company .
Cookies ? You just ate an hour ago .
Yes . And could I have your name ?
He is a worker .
I hear Fred is a very good student in your class .
Terrific ! B . A . , again and again-B . A .
All right , open your eyes . ( Rose opens her eyes . She stretches her arms , and Jack stands behind her , arms around her . )
Not too bad . But I will be soon .
I want 100 pounds . And here are 189 U . S . dollars .
Yes , I would .
Hey , you have been promoted to president of the department .
great . Shall I meet you there around 7:45 tomorrow night ?
Have you seen the new Hannibal Letter movie ?
It's freezing .
I can ' t believe I ' m actually speaking to a candidate .
no .
The country is strong only in appearance . Don ' t you think so ?
I'm really tired of my job in the bank . I'm thinking about changing it .
OK . how does this sound , let ' s get you suited up and hit the dance club tonight . I hear that an awesome DJ is playing and there will be a lot of pretty single girls there !
Thank you for inviting me . See you then . Bye , Tom .
I think , in some way it is an act of God , but in another way , it just is caused by us .
That's right , Ms . Bower . How are you ? I'm not sure if I ' ll be able to fit you in this week , I ' m afraid .
Mail room . Karen speaking .
How much should I pay for the excess weight ?
No . We ' ll get a cab . It ' s faster than taking the bus or the subway .
I am glad to hear that .
Do you mind retiring earlier ?
That ' s it . Thank you .
OK , goodbye .
The reality is different you know , running and firing a weapon is a lot harder than in the movies ! So are you ready ?
No . I only wish that you could give me a definite answer to my application as soon as possible .
I've been away on a vacation .
How about going to hear a country-and-western singer tonight ?
Do you travel a lot ?
We ' re having a Valentine ' s Day Party .
Where can find the pandas ? I think we are here to see the pandas .
Are you ready to order ?
What will the numbers tell me ?
See you then .
How about drinks ? Would you like beer or wine ?
Sir , may I help you ?
Is there anything you want to ask about ?
Your resume says you have had one years experience working in a foreign representative office in Shanghai , may I ask why you quit ?
Don't you have a dental insurance ?
What attracted you to this job ?
Both of them speak excellent French . But I think Mary speaks German more fluently than Jones does .
Well , it was nice meeting you .
some people have satellite and cable tv in my country , but people don ' t seem to keen to pay for their tv programmes . Besides , the terrestrial channels offer a good range of programmes .
Yes . What colors do you like ?
Thank you , David . You're always so encouraging .
Oh , I see them . Some are doing Taijiquan , some are performing swordplay , some are practising the Chinese Wushu .
That's what I thought . It seems that he's been seeing someone else for about two months .
You may rest assured .
It ' s the worst thing I ' Ve ever tried .
Oh , really ? I go to the rye every day .
Yes , that's right . I'd like to pay my bill by credit card .
I'm calling to notify you that an Export L / C has arrived for you .
They would say I am a responsible friend and a capable colleague .
Thank you , I ' m doing much better . I ' Ve begun organizing everything for the funeral .
If you could show me your details , please . What can I do ?
Okay , let's call it a day .
Ah ... No , I can't place her .
Very good .
Yes , as long as I can find the time . I like swimming best .
2 . 50 Yuan .
Sir , when I deleted the $ 10 , the program automatically added a $ 2 service charge .
I need to go to the airport to pick up a relative .
Please wait a moment , I will bring you one .
OK . Please fill out this form with your details .
And the rich still wants to buy more , even though they have at least one house to live .
What did the critic say ?
The facial will start with a thorough cleansing .
Certainly , sir . We can wait another day or two .
yes , most of the shops are closed at 22 or even earlier , but the internet operates 24 hours a day , seven days a week , and can be accessed anywhere .
Oh yeah ! I'm a great rapper . And I know all the Vanilla Ice lyrics by heart .
Here's your receipt .
Catherine , have you ever seen the movie Fast Food Nation ?
It is very hard , you know .
Not at all . These private sales are great places to bargain . And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk .
Susan , I am inviting you and Frank to our house warming party this weekend .
Do you have any vacancies ?
Is that the latest issue of Reader you're reading ?
Can you tell me how many goods you intend to order ?
Or they'll take over the market before we even get started .
Hmm . as I mentioned , I can work well under pressure and I enjoy work that challenges me . I think that my English ability is also a strong point .
Give me enough for a skirt , will you ?
I really want to pick your brain about something I've been thinking a lot about .
Have we handed out all the water ?
Here you are , sir . You're all set . I hope you enjoyed your stay . And that next time you're in town , you will stay with us again .
I see . How much do I need to pay in total for this package ?
How long would you stay , sir ?
You know , Taylor's been in the hospital for a couple of days .
What a surprise ! This is the best present I've ever received .
Carla , I know you ' re kind of new in this business and I want to give you some advice .
Out ? What do you mean out ?
Do you mind if I ask your friend out ?
Of course ! Let ' s have a look . Great ! In my frame of mind , I ' d like to buy one today .
Positive .
I'm a guide . I take people on tours to countries in South America , like Peru .
A 10,000 dollar policy shouldn ' t be too expensive . Here , call my agent . He will give you a good deal .
I think so . Would you mind telling me the postage now ?
I am glad to hear that . I'm really pleased with it .
Yes , I think that is a danger , and I think that . . in fact is what mishappening to a lot of people who use it as their ... their main ... um field of amusement and ... because they don't have other outside interests and even when people come round they'll leave the television and not be , you know , particularly interested in talking to them , you Know the television will be the main thing in the room .
Did you come late ?
I have no plans on cooking tonight .
I like feature films best . How about you ?
How long is the warranty ?
Oh , I have been with my uncle for a week .
A very nice curve ball by the pitcher . The catcher gives him the sign , he winds up and Vargas gets a line drive !
Uh , I can see a red double decker bus . It's the kind of bus you'll see very often in London . In fact I know this bus is from London because I can see the names , Chelsea , Sloan Square , Victoria , Herring Cross . These are all areas in London . Um , so obviously the bus is in London .
Thank you . I'll have one .
Do you recognize the suspect ?
Large deposits of coal were found nearly and so many industries located themselves here . The village quickly grew into a key industrial centre .
Yes , ' Foreign Exchange Registration ' , for Bank Drafts , Bills of Exchange and so on . Also , approval of RIB accounts , capital verification and so on .
Come on . It ' s quite safe . You really have no guts .
I wasn't feeling really well .
I can't wait until my car is repaired . The commuting with public transportation is killing me .
I'd love something spicy . Maybe we could get some Sichuan Hotpot .
Who's your manager ? Tell me ! Would you ?
Hello , may I help you ?
Have you thought about it seriously ?
The brand name and the nice artwork need not be changed , but the net weight must be placed on the lower part of the panel .
That's ok , keep going , you ' re moving ahead by leaps and bounds . Watch your dynamics ! Keep your elbows lifted . Remember to stroke the keys , don ' t pound . That ' s better ! Remember that as a pianist or any
What was the score ?
Which lane were you in ?
That's an excellent question . I'll bet your wondering why we ask you to wear hard hats and safety googles while you's in the plant . The reason is simple , we care about your safety and we want to ensure there are no injuries today . As you will see , to maintain a high level of safety , we also require all of our staff to wear similar protective gear .
It ' s going to a volleyball match between the economic department and foreign language department this afternoon . Are any of you keen on volleyball ?
Hi , Monica , congratulations ! Your presentation at the meeting was very successful and everyone was impressed by your speech . And it was so persuasive and I bet our clients will be convinced to invest their money in this project . You really made a big contribution to our company .
How did you get into hip hop ?
Yes , I am . I really don ' t feel much like cooking but the family must eat .
Yes , I have those .
I'll be there . Oh , is there a cover charge at the bar ?
That's fine . See you there !
The closest garage . What's the charge ?
Yes , there are . What cabin would you like ?
I really like that restaurant ; you get a lot for your money there . But , they've westernized their food , so it's not actually that spicy .
Can I see some men's watches ?
I sure will . Thanks .
Tampering with cartons is easily detected . I should say that this rather discourages pilferage .
Don't tell me you lost it .
I bought it from the Macy's at the Santa Anita mall .
I won ' t rent it if the faucet isn ' t fixed .
Yes . But I still have some difficulties it breathing .
Please dissolve one pill in water before taking it .
Oh . history .
I've never really paid attention to the fine print of our insurance policies ... but it looks like I'm going to need to make a claim .
I can not belive that . It must be cooked up by someone .
Ok , Good night , see you at breakfast .
No , I did that a long time ago . It ' s about telling my son the truth about Santa Claus .
I thought you'd never ask . The lawn needs to be mowed and the garage deserves to be cleaned .
Peter Kaufman , P-E-T-E-R ( Peter ) , K-A-U-F-M-A-N ( Kaufman ) .
You have to fill out this form , ma'am .
Mom . I have to go school shopping . There's only one more week left .
Maybe yesterday you've received a man's woos . He's called ' Beast ' ?
the tuition is the same for all of them .
Hi , is that Jessica ?
Where is Las Vegas ?
And anything else ?
I can ' t tell you that .
Do you want me to wake you up when dinner is ready ?
OK , sir . Five persons at 7:00 .
Your entire test history is on the site . You can compare your results from other years .
A dozen 30 - cent stamps and 6 envelopes .
I'm an engineer , I work for Boeing . Say , would you like a drink ?
Pretty good , I'd say .
No wonder you look so upset . Have you called the police ?
It seems quite easy . I will try both of them .
Yeah , really , jane and ted always have great parties .
Are you really interested in doing something ?
You turned 18 in an election year .
Is it the plans for my new house ?
Make sure that you don't go anywhere until you clean your room .
True . You know , I First started dieting when I was ten .
Take a No . 2 . This is No . 12 .
Thank you . I wonder whether I can enjoy the life insurance and health insurance .
It ' s a problem because I can ' t give you your deposit back .
Oh . It looks like Jack is going to make his annual speech .
Could I possibly have a room change ? My room is right next to the street , and it's much too noisy .
And then , it'll be dinner time , then homework , and then your Show is on . You are going to break your promise .
I ' m making a list of food and drinks .
a separated office , internet access , phone services , fax services , mail & courier services , and almost everything you have in a conventional office .
You mean you're going to ask her out in a note ? You big chicken !
I am not a rumor monger .
No . But now he will be in bigger trouble ! What's a boyfriend for ? Forget about Valentine's Day ?
Mmmm ... well , I am happy with your service so far , so I'd like to renew it , please .
Relax . I can hold my own . Now , point your skis toward the bottom of the hill . Easy does it !
Who's the champion in this picture ?
Let's put it over there .
I can play the piano a bit .
Oh , it's rather too high . We have another offer for a similar one at a much lower price .
Okay , count me in .
I never understand why these shops have so much liquor .
OK . look , I've typed driver schools , and there are so many results coming out .
I know you don't hear me right know , please calm down . Anyway , I don't wanna part . I'll drop by tomorrow .
Can I borrow your Cds for our school dance ?
Do you think so ? I don ' t like girls who look like that . I like girls who aren ' t too slim . If you like her , go and talk to her .
Are you interested in today's special ?
Soda isn't the best thing to drink when you're thirsty .
Then we'll have four-jewel soup .
Well , here is one made of duralumin . That's cheap and durable . Over there we've also got some made of stainless steel , and those over there are enamel ones .
Have you ever shopped online ?
Yes , it's a good habit to have a life-long hobby . Those who practise calligraphy and Qigong always live longer .
Have you applied for you visa to go to study in the united states yet ?
No , I haven ' t been out on one interview yet .
Yes , he does . He of ten has had one to many . But I advised him not to drink too much , he just boasted that he had hollow legs and nobody had ever drunk him under the table .
Tell me what else happened .
Not yet . I seem to move my house to that place . You don't know how tight the schedule is for this trip .
How long have you been study in German ?
Yes , right here . So , we can do this today , then ? That will definitely ease my mind .
Did your bid win ?
OK . Keep me informed . Jt must be ready on time .
Maybe . Who knows ?
I need 30 for my Christmas cards .
How about the shelf ?
do you remember , years ago , when everybody at the New Year's party had yo-yos ?
Good afternoon , is there anything I can do for you ?
How much is this going to cost ?
Do you have any breaks ?
English , of course .
That ' s a big family . How old is your brother ?
Artistic tapestry is the highest form of expression of the rug weaving art , an exquisite handicraft of superb artistry in typical Chinese style .
I recommend Pioneer .
That's fine . Could you tell me how much a return flight costs ? I'll be staying three weeks .
Watsup , ladies ! Y'll looking ' fine tonight . May I have this dance ?
That's fine . Thank you again .
Possibly . What do you have in mind ?
Great . But no talking , now . Don't forget that you are on a ladder . Take care !
This particular test calls for you to urinate into the cup after you have urinated a little into the toilet .
What do you think of this one ?
Do we have enough time ?
OK . Would you like to live in a studio ?
Is a white blouse OK ?
Study English .
I really need to find a parking spot .
Oh , fresh juice , I love it . Well , I heard American people love hanging out in bars . Is that true ?
Is there any way we can speed it up ?
Thank you , Peter . Come into the dining room . We are going to cut the cake soon .
150 yuan for hard seats .
When should I come for work in the morning ?
Donations for what ?
No , I ' m not . My father smoked two packs a day for forty years .
And he's so handsome .
And the bank will offer you loans for twenty years !
That's fine . See you then .
It was a piece of cake .
I had to look after my son at home .
Yeah , and meet other drivers of the same car !
Could you tell me about your professional education ?
All my joints seem to hurt and I have a terrible headache .
I ' Ve been thinking of doing that lately ! I don ' t want some banker to run off with my money !
In America , most children start primary school at the age of five .
I hope you haven ' t invited any vegetarians .
I had a really busy day . I had to work a little overtime . In the morning an important client called to place a large order . I had to check some things with my colleagues before confirming the order .
Of course , you can .
So , as long as I have one of those , I can apply for a Personal Pledge Loan ?
I think you'd better have a further exam , and before the result comes out , try to relax yourself and take the medicine before you sleep . It will help you to kill the pain and make you sleep well .
What happened to you yesterday ?
What do you think of the traffic today ?
Certainly , Mr . Emory . Is there a problem , sir ?
not only our annual sales brake a record , but our month by month earnings exceeded our forecast as well . After a two-year slump , we finally back in the black .
Yeah . I like it . Hey , it looks like the food is ready .
I can understand . I was lucky with my oldest ; she figured it out by herself and didn ' t tell my son .
I love your home-made apple pie . It ' s delicious . Can I have another glass of lemonade as well ?
oh , yeah . Probably . I don't really know how to use this phone yet .
What does your company do exactly ?
Where do mangoes come from ?
You miss the point ! We are not in a hurry to go anywhere .
Quite well . I got my MA degree two weeks ago .
Do you have any experience working with a computer ?
Sir ?
When can I expect to have it ?
I believe you are cut out for this position .
Sure , it's easy . First of all , the secret to a successful oral presentation is to keep things simple . People are listening and they usually don't have a long attention spans . Stick to about three or four points , give an overview of the points , then present them one by one , and then summarize at the end . Be straightforward and organized and you're sure to be remembered .
Which model is the best-seller ?
Extra lean .
Johnson ? I can't place them .
Ok . I ' ll start by looking at the motor . I ' ll just unplug it and take a look inside the machine ... oh , yes . There ' s the problem . It ' s quite simple . I ' ll sort it out in a few minutes .
Well , Ted , this is a very impressive resume . However , we do have several other applicants to finish interviewing before we can make a final decision . We ' ll call you by Friday , if that ' s all right .
Yeah , it can get pretty lonely over the holidays . When I first got here , I ' d get depressed and nostalgic for anything that reminded me of home . I almost let it get to me , but then I started going out , keeping myself busy and before I knew it , I was used to to it .
If I have a chance , I'll enjoy the book .
I see . Then I'll try it .
You should wear a tie to go with your suit .
actually , some of my fondest memories of my childhood were of spending time with my family in the basement waiting for the tornados to pass .
What are the requirements that you need to do the job ?
University ? Why ? You asked me last year .
We usually eat chicken , pork and beef . you eat these meat a lot in your country too , don't you ?
I came to see my aunt .
okay , here I go !
I've asked my parents to live with us for a while , so they can look after her for me while I am at work or in the class .
Wise decision . that is 400 yuan . You'll find it's totally worth it .
are there many choices of online shopping ?
No , any change . I want you to keep me as informed as you are . I need to know as much as you do . If you hear about something that might happen , then tell me about it . Tell me it's rumor , what it's based on and your opinion on how likely it is .
My familiarity to computer is great , and I use computer frequently in my daily life and work .
Can you help me on my move-in day ?
You can say that again .
John's father got married again .
I know . Our train system is lousy . And besides , Americans love their cars too much .
I don't feel bored at all . I'm getting along with my colleagues . I will enjoy working with them . People are great in this industry .
OK , here you are .
Oh , no . You see I'm in the middle of something . Could he wait ?
Yeah . It ' s pretty cold , alright .
OK , sir . How do you like your meal ?
How about your tongue ? Does it still hurt ?
Hi Ron , this is Kim at headquarters .
No , that ' s it . Thank you very much .
It's no trouble at all because your house is on the way to my place .
Whenever you have time .
Wait a minute . I have to leave a memo here . Anything else ?
Yes , it is almost new here .
Fairly warm this morning , isn't it ?
We will be leaving the campground at 5 in the evening and arrive at our campus at 8 p . m . Any more questions .
What a surprise ! Thanks . It ' s beautiful .
Excuse me . In this museum , you are not supposed to take pictures .
Oh , it's Clive .
Excuse me , is this the way to the Great Wall ?
It's okay .
I understand . I used to live in a dorm with four people . I was great in some aspects . We always went out and and had fun together . But on the other hand , when I wanted some quiet time , and people kept talking and laughing aloud , it was torturous . For me a room to myself , even a small one , is ideal . Though I don't mind sharing an apartment with somebody .
What will happen next ?
No . Thank you .
I know you don ' t want to pay for a job , but I think it ' s time we consulted a headhunter .
Let's see , I've got about $ 50 to get me through the weekend . I can only spare about $ 20 . I would give you more if I had it , I just don't have much money to my name right now .
Let's do it .
It's Ellie and her friends .
He has introduced the company details to me .
Is Tom available please ?
Very good . Could I serve you anything else ?
I'm calling to say good-bye .
Which is the best way ?
Well , do you have the same in black ?
Have you watched the TV series , Humble Abode ?
Sure . By the way , here are some free adornments . Would you like one ?
I see , so why did you decide to leave finally ?
Well , uh , I'll let you decided that for you yourself . He'll be here a little later . Here's our room .
They come in packages of ten or twenty .
Yes ! I agree ! We could really use another one ! I ' ll get on that right away ! What else would you like to order ?
Have you been on the bus for a while ?
Oh , I ' m sorry . I didn ' t know .
I don ' t think so , Mr . Parsons . I think you have covered all the main points for me .
How come I never knew that ? Do they have a new baker or something ?
I'll put all that into the bag for you .
Could I change these pounds for dollars , please ?
What did you get yourself into ?
No . It isn't . It's 423-6631 .
In that case , we'd like you to make some changes in the labeling .
No , I don't think we have .
He is a nice guy and very considerate . I am impressed with how smart and humorous .
Crazy ! He locked himself in the room .
What time will the flight put me there ?
oh , Iris ! what was it about this time ?
Your words sound a bit reasonable . But don ' t forget the time difference .
Yes , I think the reason is that there is a big lake , and many trees in the Resort .
I guess you are right . But what shall we do ? I don't feel like sitting at home .
Yes . Of my mother standing in the kitchen and me doing my homework before school ...
Oh , that ' s interesting , and but what kind of things ?
Excuse me , Supen .
my advisor ?
Yes , I do . I don't like it very much .
Ok , like this ?
Please fill out this exchange form and I'll need to see your passport . Don't forget to sign your name at the bottom .
I have experience in computer operation , proficiency in Microsoft Word and Microsoft Excel .
OK , got it , but its shape is so strange . I don't like it .
Yeah . Well it's quite some days since we were together last summer . How is everything going ?
I don't feel like drinking tonight . I'm gonna hang out at YY's .
Not yet . You should stand still for another few minutes . Late-comers must be recorded .
Oh , it's rice rolls with fried shrimp inside .
Nice to meet you ! My name is Peter Smith .
13 . 50 ?
What do you think we can see during the festival ?
Yeah , I saw someone walking like you , but I wasn ' t sure . We haven ' t seen each other for how long ? Almost three months ? But you look quite different now .
New York is full of place of interest , such as Times Square , Broadway , Wall street and Ground Zero and Statue of Liberty .
We've changed the schedule again . I really want to meet with you , Mr . White . I just need some time to sort out my schedule .
When shall we have a coaching period ?
That's great . Thank you for making this concession . I accept .
We celebrate it to commemorate a great patriotic poet of China -- Qu Yuan .
I want to open another account .
I haven ' t ever tried that , but it sounds like a good idea .
What teams are playing tonight ?
I want some kind of dessert .
I enjoyed the fish the most .
Did you enjoy yourself there ?
Of course . The brand is Bird and it's famous for its quality .
Actually , many of the characters are the same or very similar in both Chinese and Japanese , so they ' re easy for me .
Mom !
Really ? I hope it hasn ' t left without me .
Can I print it ?
I'm done .
Yes , thank you .
OK , got it .
I will . You know , as a newcomer , I think it might be a good opportunity to get to know people from the other departments of our company in a more relaxed atmosphere .
No , I was driven by my husband .
Very good ! Chinese food rules ! I expect the next time .
Look , I'm really tired tonight . I don't feel like cooking dinner .
Are you available on Sunday ?
I think so . The bakery invited a famous baker from the USA . He is good at making cookies .
Deal , Where is Gucci ?
I'm sorry . I won't do it again .
No kidding ! When did that happen ?
Right now . I plan to be there in April from the 14th to the 17th .
I love it ! Darling , you ' re kind .
Yes , sir . There is a counter selling all kinds of souvenirs
Why did you attack the victim ?
We're broke .
Of course , but we aren't going out , we're just friends .
How about we go to the yard sale first and then to the university flea market ?
You must have spent much time on the project .
The wine list is posted right there on the board .
Whatever meal that you plan on making .
$ 88 for a single ticket .
I want to take care of you forever . Will you marry me ?
Take it easy . We should be able to make it unless we get caught in a traffic jam .
No , less than that . One and a half teaspoonfuls please . That's enough for me . That was very nice .
You would be using a lot of English in this job . Can you manage English conversation ?
My boss gets annoyed if we take coffee breaks . I suppose your job involves a lot of paperwork , doesn't it ?
When did you find out ?
Would you like me to fill out the form ?
Look , there is traffic accident over there .
What a police officer !
Why not ? Sounds good to me .
What kind of things do you paint ?
Shouldn't you already be in bed ?
Uh-oh , here we go ...
Is that true ? But anyhow , it's none of our business , isn't it ?
Have you made up your mind ?
Here you are . Seventy-five cents , please .
the May holiday is coming up soon . Are you planning on going on vacation ?
Your grade will not be a surprise ; you will know what you need to work on .
no , that's just because I don't have enough money to buy new cloths all the time !
I'm sorry to hear that , but you don't need to quit over that . Why don't you just take a leave of absence ? We can hold your job for you until your mother gets better .
Good morning , madam . Can I help you ?
What about tomorrow morning , then ?
OK . What are you going to have to eat ?
That ' s out for me . I already have a standard meeting on Thursdays at 9:30 a . m . How about Wednesday afternoon at 2
That man's really a bore to me .
I'm going to need someone to come and fix it for me .
that's excellent ! Have you received your conditional offers yet ?
What school ?
Well , congratulations ! It's lovely being a newly wed , but also so much pressure . Could you tell me what kind of property you are looking for ?
no , it's ok . Check your email first ; I'll check my unbox later .
That was before he heard Stanley sing ! I guess he couldn't stand it anymore , so he decided to give it a try himself ! Allen has a really good voice ! He sounds like Enrique Iglesias !
Is that really necessary ?
Really ? So do you have some specialties ?
This blouse is a special offer today . You can have it at 10 % off the regular price .
What a lovely day . The sun is shinning and the sky is so blue . It's a perfect day to go to the beach and get a beautiful tan .
Go straight then turn right , and you will see a big bus station there .
Sure , it ' s Josh O ' Neil .
Oh , what ' s he like ?
It's hard to describe . They're sweet , but also sort of citrusy .
Should I take my shoes off ?
The apples were great . Could you bring a couple more up ?
I checked .
OK . Would you like to file them according to dates ?
Professor Wang , what is non-tariff barrier ?
Hello , Mr Hong . What can I do for you ?
Your food tastes so much better than mine .
I definitely don't want to be that ! But , I still think it's unreasonable for them to ask me for such a big sum of money when we don't know each other very well . What should I do ?
You'll have 10 days paid vacation every year .
Okay , sounds good .
Jeez . Tourists .
I'd like to see some coats . Would you recommend me some of them ?
How about a blouse ? This one here is the latest fashion .
I would rather do the dishes than cook .
It includes water , but not gas and electricity .
The place is a must-see . This zoo was built in 1862 , and it's the oldest zoo in the world , and still among the best . There are more than 3,000 species of animals here , including the popular kangaroos , wallabies , koalas , and wombats .
Which one will you be going to ?
do you think that I should get a new wardrobe ?
The central Hotel , please . I have to be there by 6:00 .
Well , we could adjust the interest rate based on the original rate and the amount of days you actually borrowed the money for .
Yes . We've signed them before . We even brought our chops .
Christmas doesn't come until the end of the year , does it ?
And he himself is very diligent . Considering all these , I think he has the ball at his feet .
Yes , Mr . Emory ?
Well , the state will benefit a lot , I suppose .
Professor , can you help me add your class ?
Fantastic ! Would you like a smoking or nonsmoking room ?
My GPA is pretty similar to yours . I have a 3 . 1 now because of the stupid econ class .
Yes , I ' Ve been there several times on business trips . But I have never really seen the terra-cotta warriors as it is outside the city .
Flight 36 to Washington . It ' ll be on the plane for you .
OK , I will keep this position for you for one week .
Wonder why they do that !
Thank you very much . I will write it right now .
Do they offer organic foods at Whole Foods ?
Yeah , we do . In the middle of summer there can be found storms every day usually in the afternoon . I heard your city has a lot of fog , is that true ?
You mean I'm among the people who have to go ?
That sounds very good . How do you see your career development ?
You have to . It is sure .
Oh , that means I can't make sure for my own .
I think that is our waitress is over by the bar . Boy , the service has not been good this evening .
Just make sure you never touch the wire .
I was only kidding , because Obama won the election .
What're you going to do ?
That's not true . Look over there ! That lady chose the same one and she is surely older than you .
How do your spend your time after work or in vacation ?
I think so . The wedding will be held at her church , right ?
Wow , that would be kind of useful , do you have any other cooking magazines ?
Yes darling . You are quite right .
I'm sorry , I overslept .
Let me see ... One or two bedrooms ?
Have you ever witnessed any crimes or accidents ?
bring your own beverage . We can provide food , but people have to bring their own drinks .
Miss Liu , please come in .
Yes , I do . On a scale of one to 10 , what would you say morale was in this company ?
Very good . Now , I have a couple of final questions .
We usually recommend that you bring your car in every five thousand kilometers .
All the way up on Las Flores Drive and Fair Oaks .
But I'm not sure you're strong enough yet . Here's some seafood rice soup I made . It's delicious .
In the nineteenth century , working conditions were appalling , with workers being forced to work ten , twelve , and fourteen hours a day . Support for the eight-hour work day movement was growing rapidly , despite the indifference and hostility of many union leaders , and by April 1886 , 250,000 workers were involved in the May Day movement . Previous legislative attempts to improve working conditions had failed , so labor organizers took drastic measures . They passed a resolution stating that eight hours would constitute a legal day ' s work . And , on May First 1886 , the resolution took effect .
it is good news , but it looked like you were almost finished . We might as well just sign off .
well , sometimes the city auctions off houses to the community . You ' d have to make a quick decision about the offer in a day , but you would definitely save money doing it that way .
And bugs . They can catch anything .
There's no evidence of who it was .
Computers are great , aren ' t they ? I should download some program and learn how to use them .
There ' s no need to apologize . Forget about it .
I'm not at all convinced . Tomorrow is Saturday !
Brooke , I have bad news .
Yes , of course . I will book the tour .
The service here has been really great , don't you think ?
Yes . It's superb .
It looks really artistic ! How did you learn to do that ?
Really ? Oh , thank Goodness !
This is the excellent thing about DVDs . If your son starts to collect DVDs , they will last forever . They will never rot .
You can look around our new workshops and the automatic machines .
I don't know . It looks a little wrong down .
Yes , his marriage to Katie is actually quite scandalous .
That's nice .
Most cleaning ladies are illiterate . But some of them do a very nice job .
Will that be for pick-up or delivery ?
I have a problem with this check .
Yeah , it ' s your turn to drive next week . Don ' t be late picking me up .
Where ' s my wallet ? Someone has stolen my wallet !
You're just left school , haven't you , Emily ?
I thought American Express was accepted everywhere . Never mind . Here's my VISA .
Could I have a look at those pens ?
Fine . Let's call a truce . I'll try to more considerate and to keep the noise down .
I didn't like my brother's batting around without doing anything useful .
Well , I ' m learning how to use math in the business environment .
Do you have any information about the city sights ?
That ' s quite the array of nationalities . Everyone in my class is from Asia , except me . There are a few South Koreans , several Japanese , Malaysian , Thai , Singaporean , Filipino , Kazakhstan , and o
Thank you . I have roses , tulips , and daffodils . Do you like the rockery with the smaller flowers ?
3,000 RIB per month .
So , that's everything done for you . Here's your new cheque book , the cheque guarantee will follow in the post in a couple of days .
What are your terms of payment ?
I've been told that you are a very successful businessman abroad . I wonder how you managed to achieve such success ?
What sort of price are you asking ?
No , we have five persons .
she's a friend of Amy . We met at Amy's birthday party .
I always catch this bus .
Oh , I make a phone call once a month .
Yes , just over there to your right .
What did you do ?
Can you read and write English and French ?
I saw her yesterday . She was a little better .
That won't take long .
Tell me why you saw the movie twice .
unfortunately , it ' s inevitable that some people are going to work hard yet not succeed .
Your throat is inflamed .
It is . Get in . please . You ' re holding everyone up . You can't miss Washington Square Park .
Of course . Generally speaking , dressing should be tidy and neat , and match well with your identity , age , and experience .
Wanna chill out and watch cable ?
I am Steven . I am here to meet you .
I cannot ignore her suggestion . In fact I always value her suggestion .
I am sorry , sir . You bought it 2 weeks ago , and you can only refund it in one week .
Oh , it ' s the latest novel by ray blue . It ' s a sic-fi thriller .
OK , I will fetch the remote control .
Let me know if there's anything I can do .
I am not sure yet .
On such a hot day , it is thoughtful to have water out for potential buyers .
Very good . It's a pleasure to do business with you , Mrs . Phoebe .
OK , Dead Man . If this doesn't start your engine , nothing will .
You always stick to your PC recently . Are you still fascinated by chatting on line ?
I'm just responding to Sue's letter . Do you want to help ?
I just stayed at home and watched TV .
What do you mean ? I can't understand .
I worked in Hanson Paper Company .
Ok . I ' ll let you know when I ' Ve sorted out my clothes .
Yes . Twice .
Sure , what do you have ?
That's it . How much ?
Why not tell the clerk and ask them to repair it .
I am free that night , and a party sounds good .
You pay for the taxi and dinner , then to even things up .
Ok then . See you next weekend .
Then why does he let himself be lead by the nose ?
I ' m sure you will .
No , cats are too dirty . They are lazy and cunning . I don ' t like them at all .
Sorry . Were you trying to sleep ?
Easy as pie ! We can get everything set up for you right away . Then , you'll be shopping securely online in no time at all .
That sounds like a hot job , right ? But in my opinion , you ought not to choose one career from that so-called list , and you need to take your interests , values , and skills into account .
I lost it .
A very good question . It's very honorable for me to tell you that our business relations cover all over the world and they all have very good business reputation .
How long will it take ? We are in a great hurry .
I need to see your ticket . Do you have it ?
To thank you for helping me at work last week . If you would not have been so kind , I would not have been able to pick my parents from the airport . You really did me a big favor . Thank you so much .
I had a ham sandwich with mayonnaise for lunch .
My sister did it . When did you get yours cut ?
Haha , these are very good inventions . All these speak the public's fondness for the sport
Yes , I just had my 18th birthday this year .
It sure is cold this morning , isn ' t it ? I barely even get out of bed !
The one on the manikin is in fashion now .
Yes . It's perfect .
Thanks ! We love it .
I see . What about the maximum purdy and rate , any change ?
Can you send a cab to pick me up ?
... The rings please . May this ring be blessed so he who gives it and she who wears it may abide in peace , and continue in love until life ' s end .
And I suppose sitting at the desk all day in the office doesn't help .
Could I have a look at it , please ?
We have different tastes . I like girls with short hair . I like tall girls - probably because I ' m so tall myself .
A new film is on . Have you ever seen it ?
Maybe I could help .
hey , the new SOHO . How's everything going ?
Soda isn't good for you .
I think just 3,000 RIB will be enough .
Yes , It's only 8 forty . Thanks so much !
Come on ! It's time to go !
Listen , I really don't know why you're making this into such a big issue . It's only a small piece of garbage in a large space . It's not like there's garbage everywhere . Besides , someone will come along to clean it up at some time or another .
It will be expensive to do outside the campus . Perhaps we could arrange for some sponsorship .
You will .
Wow . Look how polite your son has become .
Do you want to sent this letter by ordinary or registered mail ?
Fabulous ! We should look at engagement rings then ! Now that ' s a whole other section .
Mom , I just finished my paper . Can you proofread it before I hand it in ?
I don ' t think so . As the saying goes , A great oak needs deep roots . I ' m really interested in this job .
Hopefully !
A few months .
When did it happen ?
I'd be glad to . I love picnicking .
What's the matter with you ? You don't look well .
Hi , Susan . What can I do for you ?
It ' s all my faults . I forget where I put it .
Yes , that's right . And how about you ?
Yes , I will need it . Thanks .
The service is free to hotel patrons . However , printing costs ten cents per page .
Excuse me . May I take a picture of you and your little boy ?
Yes , it will ; this must be the foreign produce .
Thank you . The porter will show you to your room
Can you study with the radio on ?
Your offer is way off the mark . It set me back only sixty-five .
I love stir fry crispy bitesize vegetables covered in a mixture of soy sauce and oyster sauce . Wilted greens and fresh bean sprouts . Throw in some onion and garlic and ginger ! Mmm ! Mmm ! It ' s almost lunchtime . I would die for a plate of stir fry right now !
Fine , thank you . There be five of us . The rest will be along shortly .
Don ' t criticize Mario or else I ' ll start on those fat , drunk friends of yours , they ' re no saints .
Oh , no ! Not again .
I think so . Thank you .
Anyhow , I'd like to change my room .
They live in Rome , of course , and go to work by car or bus . But sometimes it takes too long that way because of the traffic jams , so they walk .
Mrcrabby , I ' m pleased to see you .
No , I wouldn't worry about you .
Yes , we can pack the goods according to your instructions .
Hi , good to see you . What can we assist you with today ? Going away on business again ?
Yes . He ' s already got the passport and visa .
Yes , wasn't it funny ?
Yes , he was every excited to see the blue sea and picked up many seashells to give as gift for his classmates in kindergarten .
Is Marisa in ?
What about the afternoon ?
in their mind , love is nothing but passion and marriage is over once the passion is gone .
You are welcome , sir . Good-bye .
I think I'll soon get used to it .
Are you planning on having someone take notes for you ?
I'm sorry , sir . Only VISA or MasterCard .
She's pretty easy to get along with . She listens to her employees and treats everyone equally .
I visited the Polar Aquarium today .
Do you have to leave soon ?
Do you speak English ?
Yes . I booked a single room in your hotel for this Friday . But I ' m sorry to say that I have to cancel it . My wife is very sick now . I don ' t think she ' ll be able to travel by this Friday .
Where will you be going ?
Today , I am busy all day long .
Yes . I moved here last week .
Really ? No , they couldn ' t . None of them would have jobs if they did .
It's very expensive , right ?
Then when at the earliest can we expect the shipment ?
Sure , company rules are not very strict at this point .
What's the presentation about ?
Oh , I forgot about it . I'll get it .
Yes , I ' d better give her a call now .
Thank you . How much is the fare ?
Five thirty ? I have a dinner appointment at six .
Can you make my hair short ?
Oh , yes . Ellie was playing games all day yesterday . By the way , Alice , when's your birthday ?
Sure , sir . How many of you are there ?
As a rule we don ' t allow any commission . But if the order is a substantial one , we ' ll consider it .
OK , settled then .
No , I'm good . All we need now is our check .
Sure . I thought people only showed off pictures of their new babies , not new pets !
It's us .
That ' s true . But as a woman , I ' m glad that even though I don ' t want any children , I at least have a choice in how many children I have . On the other hand , I can ' t imagine what China would be like if there weren ' t a one-child policy !
Sounds reasonable . Will 300 dollars be enough for a minimal deposit ?
At lease they stayed the same . That's better than dropping .
You may choose from the fish and beef .
You won one million yuan in a lottery . What will you say ?
We're sorry , but we cannot allow your claim .
Gentlemen should wear western-style suits in the interview , which will help you look handsome .
Yes , I do it quite often .
Can I have it charged to my account , please ?
I'm terribly sorry I'm late . I just couldn't help it .
Not really , I usually drive .
You lost me .
It's said that the father's will caused the dissension among the two brothers .
Any of our new products shall go through a 1-3 month testing period .
New York Times . I read it everyday .
You are seemingly upset . What's behind you ?
But look at them ! They've forgotten about the wet cement and they're walking across it to put up the notice !
Oh , I see . And can your family utilize 5 the health insurance , too ?
Of course . They will be ready in a few minutes .
Yes , I hope we meet again .
All right sir . How many nights will you be staying ?
I see . please take off your shirt and lie down on the couch .
So , I can see by your chart that you are here for your annual physical .
They have a good variety of vegetable-based dishes like talak panter , vegetable samosas or daal .
I know , we've met .
Did you tip the bellboy ?
So Barb ... what do you do ?
Yeah . I'm lucky to be his wife .
Can I open it ?
I am sorry . sir . Your plane has just taken off .
How beautiful ! I love it at all .
Buy them now though , or they might not still be here tomorrow .
Same old thing . What about a drink ?
Excellent . Have you had French food before ?
I'll prepare it . Do you prefer white rice or brown rice ?
I ran a virus scan on your computer , and it turns out that you have a lot of infected files !
Yes , you are right . I love flowers and hence have taken to growing them . I take care of my flowers every day as if they are my good friends .
We'll try our best . Anyway , we assure you that shipment will be made not later than the first half of April .
OK , I see . What's the exchange rate ? Is the dollar up or down ?
It's a well furnished eat-in kitchen . The stove and the ice-box are in good order , and the plumbing is OK , too .
I didn ' t mean to hurt anyone .
Will you give the bill to me at around six o'clock ?
Great . Rmm , when can I expect to hear from you ?
Moving to to Latin American , Ecuador has suffered a six month drought that has not only affected farming , but has also forced the closure of the hydroelectric power plant that provides electricity for the entire country . In Chile , a major earthquake that registered seven point five on the Richter scale struck the southern region . Losses are reported to be in the billions . Authorities have not yet released an official statement .
A little too friendly Abby . Just say this , " Hi , you have reached Abby . I am unable to answer your call right now , but if you leave me your name and phone number , I will get back to you as soon as possible . Thanks " .
Hey Lucas , how was your trip to Paris ?
I fell on the way to school , and your bike got scratched . I'm really sorry .
With so few windows , how can you even see what the problems are ?
Is Petti there ?
Yes . Let me help you .
Is Mr . Thomas there , please ?
About two hours ago .
Well , dear , we can't force him to go to college . It's up to him .
It has a great balcony with an incredible view of the park .
After I sign it , you must take it to the Admissions and Records Office to add the class . Do you know where that is ?
Hi , Don . What a surprise !
So you guys should be always busy .
There were some gaps in your report . Please be more sorrow .
By the way , are you going to the concert tomorrow ?
Driver , can you please speed up ? I m afraid I might miss the flight .
Yes , he is . I ' Ve make an appointment for 10 o ' clock , so I ' d better move along .
Behave yourself ! Don't make any noise . Have you finished your homework ?
It's fried sole .
When will it arrive ?
He is a professional football player .
Does everyone who gets laid off get to collect unemployment ?
you can find out from their friends .
Have a seat over there . I'll pack it up for you right away .
Mike , I can't catch up with our Chinese teacher very well .
The styte is OK . Which country is this made in ?
Not too good yet . Better than I was though .
Yes . I ' ll do it tomorrow .
Yes , I have been busy emptying the packing boxes and cleaning up the mats . Right now , it looks like a home . I would like to have a small celebration party . Please do come .
Yes , this machine is even smaller than those before .
Happy birthday , George . Many happy returns of the day . Here's a present for you .
About seven years now . and you ?
If you order more than 10,000 pieces , we can accept 115 yuan for each one .
Ah , thank you . Please bring your luggage here for inspection .
I had to carry my backpack with me all day .
Do you have any complaints ?
Now let's have one together .
Don't you know that yellow means slow down ?
I invited all the colleagues in our department and also my former neighbor , Paul . He is a very good person . You should meet him .
I wonder how all the businesses in the area feel about that .
No , but I am starting working out from now on .
I see . I'm a female . Are there any special benefits for me ?
Yes . I ' m sure I could find something similar at one . I ' d also like to get a new carpet for my bedroom .
About five years .
and she was in a movie once again , right ?
Let me weight it first . That'll be 14 dollars .
Not really . Her eyes are blue .
The list goes on and on . Here , this is a bill for five thousand dollars for spa treatments !
What's a good place for sightseeing ?
We ' Ve invited all our sophomore friends from school .
We think the price is too high .
It is special , isn't it ?
No , you don ' t have to . Here comes the train . Be careful ! Subway doors open and close automatically .
I think I'd rather have tea this morning .
Yes , I ' ll have the Texas chili burger .
Not exactly , but I see your point .
' Beautiful Mind ' will be playing again . And there's also ' Titanic ' .
So you've seen other plays that he's directed ?
No , it ' s not , your astrology sign can tell you a lot about your personality . See ? It says that an Aries is energetic and loves to socialize .
Oh , I see . how old is she ?
Excuse me , is this the right counter for express mail ?
No , thank you . Shall we sign the agreement now ?
I sure would .
But that's a lot of money ! Honey !
yeah , China's developing so fast and development opportunities can be found almost in every corner of the country .
oh , Tibet sounds great , but I'm afraid it'll cost too much . Last time I traveled to India , and it cost me a fortune .
I bet he will come .
The only thing you'll have to pay for is the monthly sticker .
About 6 .
' The Drunken Beauty ' ? It's funny that we have ' Sleeping Beauty ' in my country . Anyway , what's it about ? Is the beauty a drunkard ?
That's OK with me .
I prefer to read novels with a cup of tea .
That's the one . He also was famous for never giving up on his goals .
I can skillfully use Dos , Windows .
That will be fourteen dollars in all .
Oh you ' re exaggerating . I ' m never really good at making hairdo .
what do you think ? How does it taste ?
Then you must hurry up . There ' s only ten minutes left .
500,000 RIB . Do you need me to give you my account number ?
Let me enjoy it .
I'm sure you'll look grand when it's done . Would you like to have a shampoo after a while ?
Oh , no . He is not breathing and there ' s no pulse . Call 911 .
We ' Ve still got a lot of time before we have to start running .
Pardon me , but I was wondering if you could break a one .
Oh , no ! ! My son needs a bathroom .
And he can move , too ! He dances like Ricky Martin !
I don't care !
Forget it . It was an accident .
What else have you got ?
Your performance so far is not quite in line with what we expect for our executives . I hope I ' Ve made my point .
In which subject did you get the highest marks ?
well , let me know when you can get it fixed . I ' d love to go for a ride in it !
Three thousand dollars .
My fish is pretty dry too .
It looks okay to me .
Yes , we are . Obviously , we'd like something as cheap as possible . We've heard that there are places for 80 to 100 pounds a month .
Was it your intention to kill the victim ?
Flat C . 15 / F , Tong House , Tai Koo Shing .
Ohio .
I came second and third a few times in the regional championships , but I never won . Did you ever take part in the national championship for the sprinting events ?
Do you know what you want to drink ?
Really going to miss you .
Did you see the interview with Andy Lau in cosmopolitan magazine last month ?
Farmington ? Would you take a look at these catalogue ads that Roger did ? I don ' t think we can use them .
Well , thanks for the suggestions .
I hear your daughter graduated from high school as the valedictorian .
You've had a good trip , I hope .
I'd like to check in , PLS .
I ' m just looking for a nice pillow on Ebay .
My name is Wang Lin . My English name is Linda .
Oh really ? It ' ll be nice and warm there . Have you been there before ?
I don ' t know . It was there when I woke up this morning .
I don't know , what's wrong ?
Saturday morning cartoons .
Customs .
Yes . Quite good . Perhaps you're very interested in the social benefits .
I suggest you take this book . It's very exciting .
Well unfortunately , I'm tied up on Tuesday . I'm supposed to have lunch with an important visitor from out of town , and I don't think there's any way I can get out of it . Are you free on Wednesday ?
So remember to set your alarm clock .
You have a very good taste . It's our best seller .
Our harassment policy requires that we have a meeting with the HR manager and Miss Brown . It's quite serious . You could be reprimanded , or even fired if we find evidence that you were pressuring
I'm glad to meet you , Mr . Zhuang . Sit down , please .
Good morning , Mr . Jones !
I don't want to make any changes to my old card .
I see . I generally like movies to help calm me down . I think a sign of a good movie is the ability to bring you into the story as if you were part of it .
Oh , yes . We have rather mild winters . It always has much sunshine in winter . But it was very foggy when I left two days ago . I knew it would be colder here , but I thought there would be a lot of snow .
Doctor , can you give me some suggestions on how to stay healthy ?
Has your prescription been filled yet ?
Let's give it a shot !
3448-2691- 6429-34 .
Don ' t mention it . See you .
GMAT ? What does that stand for and what will the test contain ?
Really ? Do you mean that you are leaving ?
That's not nice .
Hmm . Well , in that case , we could go to the movies .
Great ! It sounds like you might be a good fit . As you know , we ' re one of the largest brokerage houses in the world . Our daily work is quite hectic , and we , re looking for an assistant who can keep us organized ... help keep the engines running smoothly , so to speak . Our hours are long , but the overtime pay is good ... sort of makes up for the long hours .
Oh , that's too bad . Where can you park around here ?
Fine ! How about you ?
Is that right ? Why ?
The house is a little too old .
I'm doing really well .
All right .
The bourbon is 15 dollars plus 10 % service charge . So the total is 16 . 5 dollars .
If you totally agree , I'll type the agreement this evening and have it duplicated for signatures .
We eat a lot of chicken , pork and beef . You eat those meat a lot in your country too , don ' t you ?
That's it . It'll take you about five minutes .
I know , and that's why I'm always respectful and I keep my distance . It's safer that way .
If someone wants to find us , they can look at this floor plan . It shows where all the companies have their booths .
It was close . To be honest , you had the lowest price by three cents per hint , but they didn't like your delivery date . Acme promised them almost a full month sooner .
Why don ' t we down to the pool ? It ' s not too far from here .
Avril Lavigen !
Could you hold the line please ? I ' ll check our room availability . ( After a while ) Thank you for waiting , sir . We have a twin room at US $ 180 per night , will that be all right ?
I understand .
Hi , boss . You wanted to see me ?
That ' s it . You can get dressed when the film is developed .
What would that be ?
You should strike while the iron is hot .
It ' s a thriller . It has Julia Roberts playing the female lead .
Have you brought your credentials ?
I heard you are busy with your new house now ?
Good . Can you give me some information about it ... uh .. mileage and the tires and things like that ?
Well , there are many boys that can play the piano very well , like Jay Chou .
Yeah , what's the matter now ? We've had so much trouble with this case already . Don't tell me there's more bad news .
I want the latest fashion , can you make some suggestions ?
Yes , I can do that .
I guess I'm a bit old-fashioned . I'd rather have my parents live with me than live in a retirement room .
What ' s the matter , BOB ?
Yes , of course . How about this one ? It's a new route .
You can buy them at the souvenir shop near the exit .
What genres ?
Oh , that's terrible . Is it your right arm or your left arm ?
She's my grandma .
Yes , she's been like this for two weeks .
Yeah , I come here every now and then .
All I want is the same thing on this card .
Right . Red Rochester will officiate at the wedding .
Well , at the moment we are trying to work out those details . We haven't managed to come up with a concrete plan yet , but we are working on it .
Sorry , I think you have the wrong number .
How about going to a concert ?
Yes , but I still think it could be better .
That's easy . If I were you , I'd date me !
Not at all . Go ahead .
There're so many people here . Where are Rich and Cath and Taylor's parents ?
Whatever . Give me another pack .
Look at the long line , there are always a lot of people waiting in lines just for the cheese burger . It must be very delicious .
I mean , I understand that . But the speed of the conversation got faster and faster , until it seemed to me that they would fight . My perception of the tone was that it was a violent shouting match . The truth was that it was a perfectly normal conversation .
No , you haven ' t . You just don ' t care about me . You ' re an indifferent husband .
Me ? I'm in the car business .
Hi , Charles . What's the matter ?
Well , this one might work for you .
Yikes ! you are joking , right ? I can't believe it . No wonder he is so stressed and bossy lately . I thought he was just being ostentatious by giving orders to people and all the different departments . What big shoes to fill !
it looks good to me . I would suggest that you put the client ' s logo and our logo on each page . The bosses seem to like that .
Why are you asking me about my boyfriend ?
Oh , but I can't . It wasn't my fault .
Do you have any mixed drinks available here ?
Nice to meet you , too .
No , the only thing I've ever done behind your back is zip you up , besides I told all my other girlfriends , and my wife who's getting suspicious . and we had a cold for a while , tell the
you should probably call the IT department and have them check your computer for virus .
Well , if you can meet our deadline .
Have you had anything to eat ?
Johnson , and my contact number is 2876543 2 . My office number is 2123456 7 .
You're welcome . And if you need any other things , please let us know .
I think these patterns are quite good . Can you give me a price indication of these ?
Oh , that's a nasty cough . Let me feel your head . You're on fire !
Have you every given money to any of the charities that take care of animals .
I only allow my child to watch up to an hour a day . I don ' t think that tv is bad for kids . I think that kids should be active and not become couch potatoes .
Absolutely not . The windows must be measured , and then the curtains need to be made professionally . So that will take a while . Maybe a month or so .
Perhaps we need to have more babies ! Tina gave birth to a baby boy yesterday .
OK . I will go in no time .
if I were you , I'd apply for some scholarships and grants before you decide . Whatever you do , I know you'll succeed .
I am starting loving this bakery now .
Fifty times ?
But that'll affect the national economy .
Good . Do you have any particular conditions that you want us to take into consideration ?
We need to redo the curtains and paint all the walls and ceilings .
It was good . Do you have a girlfriend at school ?
OK . Shall we say next week , on Tuesday at 2:30 ?
I ' d suggest you buy two . That allows you to change the brightness of the room better .
Because Beijing University is the best university in China and I'm sure I am one of the best students .
Have we met ?
I understand that . If you can lower the price by 10 percent , we have a deal right now .
Will everything be cleared from my record ?
Yeah , Cal Ripen just hit a home run .
And will I go up to the front to have the bread and wine ?
You have hit the point . It's really hard for a magazine to be well known to people of various ages and educational backgrounds .
Oh this is the new little EEE notebook from Asks . How much did you pay ?
People are starting to get frightened by it . Everyone will be relieved when they finally catch the murder .
Don't worry . You can get off at the next stop and walk across the street and take the Bus 151 to the opposite direction .
Can ' t be better ! Bob , aren ' t you glad the semester is over ?
I would like to look at some watch .
Good evening , sir .
Sure , here it is .
Dan , don't worry . I will tell her everything as soon as she comes back .
Yeah ! Do all these people work in the company ? Everyone and their dog is here !
I want to have the overcoat made to measure .
Don't get ahead of yourself . Fat boy isn't yours yet .
By the way , my name is Liu Wei .
The lower branches on that tree are hanging very low . Would you like me to cut them off for you ?
Yes I know . I have to do it every week . Anyway , are you ready to go ?
Our company is quite conscious of the environmental problems that frequent flying causes .
great minds think alike . My brother and I have been thinking about going to Tibet for quite a long time . Do you have anything on your schedule ?
What are you returning ?
would you like to buy any other cosmetics for your girlfriend ? We have a full range of products from cosmetics to skin cleansers and moisturizers .
For a short time . One of the engines caught fire .
wow , that must have really been scary .
You have to finish your dinner before you leave the table .
What's the matter , sir ?
Can I have a look at them ?
Me , too . What would you like to do ?
Sure . How do you like your meal today ?
Just plug the Ethernet cable into your computer , and a prompt will tell you the payment options .
The lack of regulatory transparency was a problem and still is to some extent . However , the countries are moving forward to deepen their reforms , new changes will involve the establisher of legal structures to sustain high levels of foreign as well a domestic private investments . This will surely strengthen the law and regulations in the countries , especially , areas related to trade issues .
How was the movie last night ?
Sure . But you know that I can't read any Chinese characters . What do they say ?
No , really , it feels great .
Do you often go home ?
Have you paid off your parking tickets ?
In our company , the loborial force makes up 60 % of our workers . We'd just be letting slightly over half the folks out a little early .
Do you like this job ?
Really ? Me , too . What's your favorite flavor ?
Someone declared that he saw it .
Not much . I've got enough city life in Beijing .
because it's off-season , we got a really good package deal to Paris , so we went there .
Of course not . But I don't know when to get off .
Too bad . I hate transferring during a flight . It is too complex .
It is very common in the winter in Ottawa .
Just one night , when my flight was canceled due to bad weather . It ' s bearable if you just need a place to crash , but you definitely don ' t want to book a vacation there . Unless you enjoy sharing your room with cockroaches .
How is everything going on ?
Mario and I are the best students in the class . Miss . Parker says that my pronunciation is very good .
Marquet , do you think I should enroll in the science course ?
Haven't seen you for a long time
I think we should go over there and see if we can apply for that program .
Thank you for your understanding , Mr . Tim .
You can catch it on Altadena Drive .
For 1,200 yuan to Nanchang , the commission is 12 yuan .
Yes , do you have tickets ?
Excuse me . Can you direct me to the toy department , please ?
Terrific ! When are you moving in ?
I see . How do you like the game ?
I'm very sorry . Can I get you another one ?
I'm here for a facial . I made an appointment over the phone for 3:30 today .
So he always sits above the salt when there is a seminar about it .
Well , I used to hate cooking , but now I love it .
Jess ? Well , she ' s very smart , and has a great sense of humor . She ' s very feminine ...
I listen to music and read .
Believe I will . Look for me near the lake .
Welcome to our factory . My name is Tiang Had and I'll show you around here . First we'll take a look at the workshop which produces food thermometers . Please , this way .
I found some coins that are not from here .
Yes , I have one of your buy one , get one free coupons , and I'd like to order two large pizzas .
Yes . we could do that for you .
We will have a vacation next month . Why not have a tour ?
Buenos Aires .
OK . That's a deal .
Yes , that's what I think . Maybe the next time you go out with him to buy groceries , you'll get lost for even longer . Maybe six hours or so .
Do you have enough time to get the right amount of sleep ?
How do you like this one ? It's nice and cheap It's only thirty-four dollars .
Sure , here it is ...
Professor , where's Canada ?
I know , I know . I am trying but , I don ' t have the willpower to just quit . I can ' t fight with the urge to reach for my pack of smokes in the morning with coffee or after lunch ! Please understand ?
You ' re doing your part for the environment by using public transportation , too .
How big is this parking lot in our community ?
Yes . From October lst we have to charge every passenger $ 5 for the airport tax .
Good afternoon , Ladies . May I help you ?
It should be easy to find . After you add the class , check with me in a few weeks to make sure that you are on my roll sheet .
A correctly filled in application form , ID card , proof of residency , proof of income , the agreement from the agent and of course the 20 % down payment .
Welcome to our shop . It seems you are interested in this dress .
I think he's hot too .
Really ? It used to cost a few hours .
They are muslims on a pilgrimage to mecca . Muslims call this pilgrimage " haj " .
All right , madam . When I was sales manager at the Beijing Friendship Store . I succeeded in raising the yearly sales volume by 25 percent and profit margins from 50 percent to 80 percent .
Can I check this one out ?
Watch out ! You'll hit that car if you're not careful .
Did you enjoy the movie ?
Why are they all in glass boxes ?
There are prescriptions .
I just want the problem taken care of .
Yes . Of course . But what good will it do ? That man's miles away from here by now . In our car .
How time flies ! We have been in Beijing for almost 4 years .
What are the best places to visit here please ?
Hello Wang . I'm Dou . Pleased to meet you .
The language used in this multinational company is mainly about English ; do you think you can manage to handle that ?
sure . Here you go .
He was acting up in class one day last week .
I've been making these designs for over ten years . You can have a bracelet for ten dollars .
Maybe I should go home .
no , there's no double six at the of the number . It's just zero , double seven , eight , seven , three , six , seven , six , double eight .
When ' s the big day ?
I ' m new here and I can ' t seem to find the lunch room .
Who is Ms Von ?
Well , you should try my store . The prices are good .
I'm sorry . I forgot to show you the lid . It comes with the pan .
You must have been prepared for a long time . Some statistics in this presentation are not easy to find , right ?
Mothers like that .
No , not that much . And yes , that ' fine .
We don ' t have enough cash , but I ' ll take my credit card .
Yes , of course . The balance sheet contains 3 major sections , that is , assets , liabilities and owner's equity .
Glad to meet you .
actually , I do . I took quite a few photography classes at University .
Do I have training opportunities ?
You said it . No one can match Shakespeare in artistic talent .
How can I help you today ?
OK ... Now how can I help , hon ?
Exactly . We play every Saturdays on the field by the tennis courts . If you want to learn and play a little , you're welcome to join us .
No , I'm proficient in both written and spoken English , but I can only carry on a simple conversation in French .
I'll go and quit my job in the ABC Company .
You are right , sir . To prepare it , a Sichuan food chef first fries some chilli until they turn reddish brown , and then puts diced chicken breast meat into the pot with other condiments and peanuts . That's why the dish has a bright colour .
Show me your passport , please .
Yes , it's very lightweight . But I don't want this aluminum handle .
I am going to resign . A few of the new staff have already left . Obviously , a lot of similar jobs pay much better salaries .
I'm sorry to hear that . Thank you for telling me a little more about it .
Once a week .
Is it a long ride ?
Not me . You know money always burns a hole in my pocket .
Are you going home now ?
Why ? What was it about ?
Would you like me to try another card ?
Yes , I really weak in maps , I did poorly in high school .
So this is a family business .
I don't think that Myra should have spoken so rudely to the teacher . I know she was angry , but that's still no excuse for rudeness .
Really ? I ' ll take it then .
I used to be like that . But I go skiing so often that I don't get excited anymore .
Oh , I think I broke my leg .
His new girlfriend is a far cry from Ann . She is like a breath of fresh air .
These postcards are great . I want to buy a dozen with different pictures .
Good morning ! My name is John White , import manager of the Garden Trading Company of New York .
I ' m reporting from Channel 5 News .
Do your think I should wear a different dress ?
It looks like our company trip will have to be canceled because of the typhoon .
Would you like these supplies delivered or would you like to pick them up ?
Good afternoon . What can I help you with today ?
How do I use the eye-drop and ointment ?
This isn't like you ... Well , I hope you will have a nice flight and a successful start in business
Could you baby-sit for me tonight ?
Of course . If you have any questions , just bring them out .
They are short , I guess . About the same height as those short flowers over there .
What about the one on the Yellow River Road ? It's a two-bedroom one , and renovated building with an eat-in kitchen .
It does not work very well .
It's not only the name of our company that will change ... I expect that after this acquisition , there'll be a ton of things up in the air .
I had a look yesterday . I found some exhibits are fine in quality and beautiful in design . The exhibition has successfully displayed to me what your corporation handles . I have gone over the catalogue and the pamphlets enclosed in your last letter . I have got some idea of your exports . I am interested in your silk blouses .
We were awarded government funding last year and in order to keep it we have to hire so Ay new employees .
They're both very well , thanks .
Well , thanks all the same , Denise . But no I don't think . Sorry , I'm sure you would enjoy it . I'd like to Denise , but I'm busy on friday this week and next week too .
A trim and perm .
Well , I got laid off , and I ' m looking for work .
I heard that Jim lost 100 yuan . Do you know that ?
Where are you employed ?
It's nice , but still too expensive . Can you give me a 20 % discount ?
Where can we go to get both ?
How do you think about her ?
oh , no ! I thought it seemed a bit strange .
Just like in the States ! That's perfect !
Mary , this is your homeroom . It's 213 . Remember that .
For What ?
Well , I don't like it , but I guess I don't have any choice .
This is room 504 . The room is so cold .
I prefer to learn English . In my opinion , English is easier than Chinese .
I just got sacked .
Clive was really outstanding . Not only he put on a big show himself , but also he inspired the whole team .
Please , call my John . Well , there ' s a subway stop and bus station just around the corner . Do you have children ?
Well , they're really beautiful people .
But I think they're dull , aren't they ?
That's everything .
Thank you . Bye .
That's the beauty of the service ; they can deal with everything , with total security .
That would be convenient . They might as well ask him to fix the electrical wiring . The circuit breakers keep going out all the time . It ' s really annoying !
Your doctor will call you in a few days with the results .
I'm afraid we don't . Won't an English edition do ?
Is it the final price ?
Well , I guess we ' ll just have to wait and see .
I'm in the electrical appliances .
The rest of us will have this today's special , please .
Would you like any cash back ?
When you told your mom you would be home around 2 am , She must have a cow !
maybe you have a point . How about having a party on a Friday afternoon ? We'll stop early , order some pizza , and serve drinks . There'll be music but no band . Having the party in the office will make
Hello , Janet .
Were you able to get a look at this person's face ?
do you think that there's intelligent life trying to contact us ?
I am doing well . How about you , Mary ?
Of course . It ' s a terrible night , isn ' t it ?
It's almost time to get aboard .
Terrible . It must be something serious . You two are such close friends .
Could you please reserve it for me ?
My name is Jessica . What's yours ?
I'm sure you have the wrong number . This one has been my number for more than 20 years .
What do you think of the ending ?
What went down ?
Shall we discuss the packing ? You know , a well-designed package helps sell the goods , so the products must not only be superior in quality , but also attractive in appearance . I'd like to see the sample of packing .
ok , i choose luckies .
Are you from America ?
To be honest , it was horrible ! My manager is such a pain in the neck !
Did she ? That ' s great . However , if we have too many children , that will have a bad effect on the enviroment .
There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time .
Don't drive too fast .
how about some dumplings ? I just can't get enough of them .
Oh , what ' s the matter ?
Can you tell me about the other class ?
OK , I'll have Mr . Baker call you as soon as he comes back .
Would you go to the bookstore with me ?
Oh , we'll spend the nights in hotels and enjoy local food as we pass by . How does it sound , David ?
I feel sorry , but that's the decision of the directorate .
Yes , almost once a week .
Medicine .
Well , it seems we have covered everything . We'll have the contract ready in a couple of days .
And how about your Spanish ?
What a beautiful sweater !
I think it ' s good , and it suits me , because I'm not good at cooking . Is it expensive ?
Mr . Reynolds ? Rick Murphy . I ' m the accounting manager for Macmillan and Emory , Incorporated .
How is the new product ?
Good afternoon , madam . May I help you ?
All right . Will you wrap it for me ?
Let's cross here .
Yes , and it is 37  C .
What does it included ?
Let ' s see . Okay , so 50 mg of Prozac , would you prefer this in capsule or tablet ?
And the sinks don't seem to leak .
Excellent choice . I love its smooth flavor .
I'm not sure , but we can find out . I bought some crosswords to keep him busy .
I need to pay my bills .
Good morning , Mrs . Smith .
Hello , Mr . Clark . You ' re early for lunch . It ' s only eleven o ' clock .
You don't know ?
Yeah , you've got it . Do you want me to show you the way ?
You've got it . Tell me a little bit about what you might be wanted .
What ? The meeting was proponed ? No one told me anything about it .
Is there something wrong ? You look so sad .
Whatever . You know , I ' m thinking of a gift for my mother . It ' s her 60 birthday next Friday . Could you give me some advice ? You are the expert .
I can ' t make a decision . You ' ll have to put forward an idea .
I'm sorry . Is that bicycle yours ?
We give them 10 or 15 sick days per year . Surely requiring people to take them couldn't possibly help . It sounds like a counter - productive policy change to me .
I hope so , too .
That's my cousin Hubert . He likes smiling .
My computer shows that you have a bench warrant .
Card number ?
He appeals to the fans thanks to two things
It ' s a letter from NYU .
Sure , that would be great . I'll bring the wine .
Baltimore defeated Texas by 17 points !
But this time I ' m going to stick to it . I really mean it ! Trust me , Carol , I ' m going to be a new man in one year ' s time !
Darned right I would !
You and I have been together for a whole year , and our vacation time should be about the two of us !
Yes , she gets along with them quite well .
I've already got your certificate for sick leave . How do you feel today ?
Beautifully done , many thanks .
That seems like a good idea , it's for wages , you see .
do you have a favorite band ?
I think the valve is faulty . I couldn't regulate the pressure and the seal burst . I tried opening the emergency valve but it was jammed .
That's very clear . I think I can find my way now . Thank you .
Not a problem . We offer a Personal Loan for Studying Abroad for anyone who's studying overseas , regardless of the circumstances . Anyone is eligible to apply
Tom , we are in the restaurant now !
Is a blood test painful ?
There is a leaking pipe in my wall .
When does the next plane leave ?
That's what I did .
Let ' s drive off this road .
Your project made much profit for the company . And the board of directors decided to give you a bonus .
Well , what about it ? As it happens I've got two tickets for next thursday evening . I thought perhaps .
Yes ? What can I do for you ?
Here is 50 yuan .
Well , you can buy him a pet iguana then .
Yes , I find jogging does good to me , so I keep on doing it .
It's nothing . It's not the first time anyway .
Yeah , yeah , we ' re here because we feel this is an injustice ! The financial irresponsibility of big business has to stop ! We ' re there to show the government that we don ' t like the way that they ' re spending our tax dollars !
Do you have a problem with your account ?
I know them . They are the two brothers living next door .
I was wondering whether you could ship the tennis racket overseas to Taiwan .
Well , could you drive me home ? I have spare keys there .
Two weeks of paid vacation in your first year of employment . You ' re also eligible for medical and dental insurance . And we offer a generous retirement pension plan after 10 years of service . Do you have any other questions ?
I have been using the store across town for years .
I had one or two glasses of eggnog , but nothing else .
It ' s really unimaginable . The police officer screamed at the driver and used bad language , but the driver took it on the chin .
I guess so . Would you mind if I checked my email quickly ? I'm supposed to be getting an important email this evening from a client .
That girl was my cousin .
Sorry to hear that , I was really looking forward to spending some more time with you , I really enjoyed our last chat .
It's on telemarketing .
Curse this oven ! Curse it !
To tell the truth , I don't like it .
You'd better tuck in your shirt .
No problem , anytime .
Good luck on your test tomorrow . We'll be crossing our fingers for you !
Thanks . I can wait here .
I'd be glad to .
Wait a moment . It seems that your letter is overweight . Let me weight it .
Let ' s see how your grades are this semester , and maybe I ' ll talk to your father about it .
Would you like to come ?
Ah , Jenny ! You remember me , what a good memory you have .
All the food smells tasty today and makes my mouth water .
Good idea . We can finish this project the first thing tomorrow morning .
A taxi will be here in just a minute , sir .
Great ! Thank you !
Enjoy yourself , sir .
Are you serious ? You always blow things out of proportion . In any case , I think I ' ll go take an oatmeal bath .
Certainly , madam . I'll just check what we have available . . . Yes , we have a room on the 4th floor with a really splendid view .
I like spring , too . We can go for a walk and enjoy the fresh air .
Hello , Mr . lie . I would like to discuss with you the feasibilities of establishing a joint venture with your company .
Of course we have . It's on the seventh day of the seventh lunar month .
Oh , God . I've almost forgotten . I'll get it done right away .
Yeah . My whole GPA is screwed up now .
Thanks . I understand what to do now .
I'm sorry , but it's time for you to get ready for school .
I think that's a good idea . You know I got a golfing buddy that runs a consultant firm . He's an expert in organizational comunication . He does't come cheap , but he's an expert in this field . Maybe he could help get things on track .
I left the job because of expiry of my employment contract . Besides I have accumulated a lot of experience in this sort of job . I want to seek better jobs .
We'll get the factory to meet your requirements .
7:30 . By tho way , I would like a table next to the window .
I know , but you deserve it .
No . If you can't break it , keep the change . But can you give me a receipt ?
Why ? It's brand new , and it's perfect on you .
This is the receipt , please keep it . Have a good day .
So do I . This is Broadway . There are lots of theaters . This way leads to Times Square .
The chicken breasts are $ 4 . 05 a pound .
Please come in and sit down . I ' m happy to finally meet you .
That's right . What can I do for you ?
Not too much . I'm looking to rent an apartment .
I was wondering when trash collection day was .
Really ? I thought I was doing well .
Lucky for you , this month we aren ' t charging our normal installation fee . You are saving yourself 100 bucks right there ! And we ' ll throw in this pen drive !
Yes , I have seen those spots .
I'd love to , but I'm afraid I can't .
Happy Anniversary , honey .
If that ' s the case , then why did you leave ?
His friends will be very happy to get the little souvenir .
It surely is .
She's speaking French , not Greek .
I can't believe you are watching movies . The weather is great . You should be outside .
Mmm .
No , you'll have to get off at the bank , and take a No . 50 .
Well , you ' d better get some rest .
I ' d love to but I have to help John with his math problems right now .
There ' s so much I want to do . I ' Ve just finished sending lots of emails to friends and family all over the world . I just ran a search for music to download .
I'm afraid I can't .
They're all here .
It starts at 11AM in the morning .
Economy , business class or first class ticket ?
Thanks a lot . I'll tell him .
The shoulder .
Yes , I am playing on the tennis team this year , and they are requiring me to get a physical exam .
the youth hotels are comfortable and cheap .
Well , that depends . Tell me where you want to go ?
Great . Will that be cash or charge ?
I really like the record you lent me the other day .
Mom , I'm ready for school .
Hi Vicky .
Really ? You were so happy then .
I can't see a problem . Let's give it a try .
Really ? Please get it for me .
Excuse me ? I hope I didn't just hear what I think I just heard .
Yes . So what else to do now ?
Sure , no problem . Can we fix a time to talk later ?
Yes , I'd appreciate it if you could drive me downtown .
Have a good time !
Here is your bill . It's $ 60 .
Mary , besides the resume , I think we should also write an application letter .
My stress level is pretty much what is usually is .
It seems that a lot of wars nowadays are really civil wars . People from different ethnic groups in the same country sometimes fight for power in that country .
That is the best one I have seen . I am sure our target customers , young people will love it .
Are you kidding ? Don't you see many people over there ? Just on your right .
If a Mr . Wu comes to look for me , just take him here .
It quite suits me . I am free in the evening these days , I will have no difficulty starting at five pm .
she asked me about my ability to work in a team and what I thought a good boss should be .
It's fine with me if we go to the Latin Club . I like Latin Music . The only thing I never want to do again is listen to country rock . What was that bar called ?
I'll appreciate it if it could be arranged .
I see . Now I want to check out two books on spoken English . Can you show me where I can find them ?
no way . I will be scared out of my wits .
Show me some classic high heels , please .
This can't be the right stop .
I want to get a snack at the cafeteria .
Providence , Rhode Island . do you know it ?
Don't you think it ' s a sheer waste of both time and money ?
That's very considerate of you . May I have my bill ?
Oh , don ' t you have to take that class on 18th century poetry ? It ' s really difficult . I hear the students in that class have to write a paper 100 pages long .
Some friends of mine took me to the mall to go shopping . It was so big . I think I could get lost if I went there alone .
Did you watch TV last night , Rose ?
Yes , before you start your training , they will test you on your English first .
Front desk , can I help you ?
And how well can you speak them ?
Yes . we can get what we need at the stands right by the lake . Who do you think will catch a big fish first ?
Guess what ?
Twenty minutes ' walk at most .
You could always take the 264 .
Traffic rules are different among countries .
Yes . I'd like a crab cocktail .
I couldn't even stand on it and hold the sail . I probably fell down fifty times .
Ask me a question ? What do you want to know ?
I don ' t know what happened to me . I just lost it .
Yes . It will keep your face from getting dry and make your skin soft .
Mom , please . Can I have a pet dog like Andy's ?
That was a thirtieth birthday present . You can have it if you want .
Maurice Richard has the puck now , and passes it to the center . He shoots ! Wow what a save by the goalie !
Party of two ?
Me ? I ' m even less experienced than you are .
Children needing special instruction . Children whose parents can afford to send them to private schools , and children whose parents want them to receive a religious education .
You should try other fundraisers .
Really ? Thank you . I am thinking the same thing about you .
Hello , Kate ! How are you doing ?
You know , speaking in class is a very good chance to put your English to practical use .
Wonderful . I ' d like to know why you ' re interested in this position at our paper .
I'd like some toast and chicken wings .
The working hours are from 9:00 to 11:30 in the morning and from 1:30 to 5:30 in the afternoon . Make sure never to be late or absent . Every time you should use the employee card to show you are present whenever you come into the company .
Yeah , this is the latest model . If you like it , you can try it on .
I have had disagreement with every director . I ' Ve worked with . We ' Ve always disagreed in a friendly way and we have always resolved our differences . It was the same when I made this movie . I don ' t know where rumours of my disagreement with Rachel Kelly come from . We got on very well and I hope to work with her again . I enjoyed making the movie very much .
No . I was way too busy studying all the time . How about you ?
I got my TEFL certificate three years ago .
have you ever tried tempura ?
Certainly madam , what kind of coffee would you like ?
Ur , you really let me down .
Thank you . You can rest assured that we'll do everything possible to prevent de festive commodities from going abroad . However , if there should be any disputes , we wish to have them settled through friendly discussions .
So , what do you think ? How do you like New York ?
During that horrible rainstorm last night , my roof began to leak .
Certainly . It matches your suit perfectly .
Nah , it's a place where homelesspeople go to eat .
Is your watch right ?
You have a lot of plants .
That's good news . What stage are you at now ?
Might I ask if you have tried to give up smoking ?
A week or ten days . We'd like to have a quiet room , if possible-not too near the street .
May I have your name card ? I am always concerned about the newest computer .
not as far as I know . We have so many advertisements . the interruptions are unbearable sometimes ! That ' s one reason that many people prefer satellite or cable tv , where you pay a fixed amount each mo
do you feel ok ?
After being raised together , men and women can be business-like in each other ' s company . It really doesn ' t have anything to do with the way a man and woman behave toward each other when they are in love . Does that answer your question ?
Ok , I'll wait for you at 7pm at home . Anything else ?
Very quiet and safe . And it ' s got a lot of trees and plants .
Yeah , it's weird . For example just this morning I was feeling detached and lonely , even though there was really no reason to feel that way .
I've just bought a second hand apartment and I'm looking to do some renovations . You know , a bit of decorating , some new furniture , nothing flashy .
You know it is not necessary to pay the balance in full every month .
Thanks . I'll tell him .
Well , yes , I did . I ate some candy .
Peter , do you want to learn to play the piano ?
Yes , it's most irritating .
How about some dumplings ? I just can't get enough of them .
What kind of currency do you want ?
Yes . They are over there .
Yes , of course . Most of the time , when they travel , they prefer to do so in large groups accompanied by a guide , who usually takes care of everything , for instance , choosing the restaurants , the itinerary , the mode of transport , and things like that . Another thing is that most travelers to the UK tend to be middle aged , around 40 to 50 or so . This age group is less adventurous ; they like good hotels , and have money to spend . They kind of prefer to stay in the cities where they feel safer . They are not into mountain climbing in Wales or anything .
And then what did happen ?
I'll be there . You're still a fabulous cook , aren't you ?
I don ' t have one . I prefer to buy shares . My bank also provides a share trading service . It ' s cheap and easy to use .
Light music and classic music .
For two weeks . After that you must renew the books if you wish to keep them longer .
Me , too .
Why ?
So people can go and root for their old school team ?
the Canadian rock singer ? But I heard you had a part-time job yesterday . How did you see her ?
Have you had any kind of punishment in your college ?
We've particularly busy on Sunday . Please sit here . How do you wish it cut ?
Could you explain what you saw ?
Yes , we are a small family business .
Really ? That's the icing on the cake . Congratulation again !
Looks good . I'll take it .
We need the best possible quality .
Where's the new house ? Is it far from here ?
yeah . That was a strange party . Can you still do any of those yo-yo tricks ?
I like painting , sailing , watching football and talking to you .
Next time you are in Shanghai , please let me know , and let me be of some assistance to you .
Goodbye .
yes it is . Residents can queen up in the lines to my right .
Oh great ! This stupid computer froze again ! That's the third time today ! Hey Samuel , can you come take a look at my PC ? It's acting again . It must have a virus or something .
What can I do for you ?
Www , man !
Why ? What time is it ?
Not really !
Yes , I need to go home to have a family reunion .
Please fill out the table .
Hello , Mr David Richton , this is Min Wang calling from network , i am calling about the reporter position you advertised on the internet .
What about your mother ? Did she help you ?
This doesn ' t sound like anyone I know . I give up . Teel me who she is .
Drinking warm and fresh water in the morning on wakening up is one of ways to keep healthy .
But you should avoid finger-pointing when you haven ' t got the real facts .
Daisy ' s in hospital too . She god food poisoning last week . She thinks she got it from some bad seafood .
The principal just announced that Dr . Smith is going to take over as dean of our department .
I don ' t think so . I don't think people are going to like it if they have to pay to come . But we certainly can cut costs in other ways , such as make the party BYOB .
We can ' t really ask him to stop having students come in for help , can we ?
I think we should begin the letter with a salutation , and the salutation must be very formal .
Is it chicken ?
10 fifteen a . m .
Thanks for telling me .
how about some lipstick ? Every woman needs a nice tube of red lipstick .
I'll be glad to do it .
I am the manager . Can I help you ?
Not much , just heading over to the shooting range . You wanna come ?
Really ? The day after tomorrow ? That's very soon .
Did you understand question number three ?
Do you really think so ?
I prefer a package tour , and we don't have to worry about accommodation , meals or that sort of trivial demanding things .
Thanks ! These are beautiful . You shouldn ' t have !
Waiter , bill , please .
Is it waterproof ?
No can do ... sorry .
Thanks . I am feeling pretty good about myself too . You know , bigger office , a raise and even an assistant .
Mr . Thomas will be here very soon . In the meantime , may I ask all of you to sign in so that I can issue your passes ?
Come in please .
The government will never fulfill their promise .
I see . You are in luck this month because all of our models are on sale ! it is a perfect time to buy a new car since it ' s the end of the year .
That might be going overboard a bit . How about just that scarf with a bracelet ?
I wish you wouldn't play the TV so loud .
Well , humans could never make something like that .
Oh , I've been fine , but I'm having some trouble with my son .
Well , you are over at the law school . So I wondered if you would mind coming with me when we talk to Ms . Connors . We ' re supposed to meet with her tomorrow night at eight .
Oh , sorry . I don't like them . Why not ask Lily . She likes modern dance .
Yeah , it sounds like it usually does when I start the car , but nothing else happens . The engine won ' t start . Should I maybe press the accelerator ?
That's alright .
What ' s the hurry ?
On this occasion , most people do .
One dollar to five francs . Is that all right ?
How do you do ? I'm Ted Nugent .
Wine , please .
Hello . I'm answering the ad in the paper about your car . And I wonder if it is still available ?
To which direction did he run ?
I like thrillers and I like Julia Roberts , so it might be interesting . I read a review today and the critic didn ' t seem to be very impressed .
Good morning ! I'd like to buy twelve tickets to Beijing for October 14th .
I hope we shan't have a rough passage .
How did you get on with your studies in university ?
I like girls who like to have fun , and aren't too serious .
You are the leading company in the computer industry .
Sure . I'm going to take more pictures today .
Gas Meter Reader . This is a wonderful job for the right person , regular hours , no night shifts , no supervisor behind you , and good pay .
I don ' t have access to a computer .
I prefer spring when little by little everything becomes green and the weather is almost always nice .
well , I have to tell you that I'm quite surprised . Is there any possible way to change your mind ?
Let's sit over there .
How about the one after that ?
Yes , I agree with you on the point but couldn't the training be held during the working day instead of weekend ?
We've just started a new business at this bank , Bank-Insurance Link .
Yes , it is nice , but wait until you see the interior .
Oh , I see . When are you leaving ?
I like the kinds of instruments that they use .
Yeah , if I buy a cell phone like this , I don't have to take a music player everywhere I go , and I can save the cost of buying an extra mp4 .
Are you tired after class ?
OK . Let me see .
I like peace . As a matter of fact , I once had a job in a library .
Oh , actually , Tuesday ' s no good . Sorry about that .
That ' s simple . Many people break the rules regarding their visa conditions .
You made a perfect choice , Jack .
Um , let me see . Hmm . This antique tea set here is gorgeous .
You know how things get piled up on my desk when I am busy -- I know that sometimes I do misplace things , but I always read all the memos that go around . They go directly to my in-box . Are you sure it was sent to the whole office ?
Yes , someone give me a pamphlet introducing the restaurant and its business hours when I passed by this morning . So , let ' s have a try . My treat .
I'm afraid that's too much for us .
Of course . I will find you one .
I asked the first company about the vacancy , but they had already hired someone .
It's been a week , and I haven't slept that well .
Happy Birthday ! This is for you , Kate !
2 hours and we will meet beside our bus . It's over there .
White .
Do you have an essay you want to send them ?
I ' m sorry sir , but we ran out of chicken . May I suggest our delicious beef burritos or cheese quesadillas ? Both include a side of guacamole and jalapenos .
What is this made of ?
First class , sir .
I am not sure , where exactly is it ?
I suppose there's nothing cheaper , is there ?
First , I worked as a servant .
Why not go to the supermarket today , the coupon will be past due in three days .
Attaboy , that's just what I am thinking .
I know what you mean . I can't stand computer geeks .
Yes , but sometimes he is just not reasonable .
We have quite a lot of import and export information and can give you figures on population , consumption , production , and foreign exchange reserves .
Thank you , ma'am . It's been a pleasure doing business with you .
Have you been under a lot of stress lately ?
Did you eat any ice cream ?
Sure . Join my class next week .
How often is the bonus ?
Go to gate 18 . The plane is now boarding . You must hurry .
I haven ' t found one that satisfies my demands yet .
Me too , I don't know why , but every time I see the guy , I break into a cold sweat .
would you want to buy an old cottage or build a new one yourself ?
There is a great restaurant directory here in the weekend section of the newspaper .
Do you know any spaces on campus ?
I was just hoping .
Yes , its design is very elaborate and the designer took many weeks to make it .
I took something earlier .
So what do you do there ?
Certainly , just fill in this form , please .
Yes . Sit down , please . How did you learn about our company ?
it's getting cold .
No problem . Put your baggage on the scale , please .
Yes , of course . I need your student ID please .
I don't see anything wrong with what we're doing ! That's just the problem . In these kind of things , the trouble doesn't always appear at first .
And you can still go ' window shopping ' just like in a real shopping mall .
May , we are fools to hang out at noon . It's dying hot today . My skin is too weak to be exposed under the summer sun .
Frankly yes . We like to employ married people . By the way , do you have any children ?
Evening .
Our pleasure . We have several package tours you may choose , from ten days to three weeks in Europe .
Hi , Kathy . Have you had lunch ?
Please wake me up at 6 am .
I'm sorry that you don't like it .
Will you forgive me ? Could you return my camera ?
No , Dave . I haven't wrecked my jeep . I'm calling to offer you a job .
Ok . Thanks for that information .
Hey ! Look at this ! We can stay in a big hotel or we can stay in a little cabin by the beach .
Excuse me , Miss .
Ok . Is this your luggage properly labelled , sir ?
Well , with dial-up your internet is connected by your phone line .
I'm most grateful . Everyone in our class enjoyed it .
Yes . Will you let me ?
OK . I would like to book a ticket for that one .
I'm sorry , I didn't quite catch that .
I ' Ve already paved the way . You just have to give a presentation on what our products are . I will do the follow-up and close the sale .
That's very inconvenient for you then . You ' ll probably have a cast on your left arm .
That sounds like a good idea .
Okay , thank you .
I see . Thank you .
We appreciate your help .
We gave you a list of problems last week .
Are you still mad at her now ?
I'll wait .
Are they genuine ?
Welcome to Youth Travel Agency . Is there anything I can do for you ?
Sorry , I have to rush off and catch the 9 o'clock train to Paris .
All right , I will explain it to you later on . Now scram .
When is your vacation going to start ?
Yes , I have been invited by the East Import & Export Corporation of China for business talks .
What's your products ' competitive edge ?
( After testing ) Your typing and stenography are pretty good . Would you be interested in applying for the job ?
Let's take a cab .
Is it okay to have a day off next week ?
No , I'm not . you can just drive slowly and carefully .
What do you say to $ 850 a month ?
Definitely . It not only keeps me fit but also helps me concentrate on my soul .
And how many computers do you sell each day ?
Your search on this project has been excellent .
Excuse me , could you tell me how much is the lipstick ?
By all means . But you have to deposit enough money before you can write out your checks .
How did you get that burn again ?
Coming up immediately .
Look at this one sir , eight thousand dollars were spent in one night at a place calledWild Things ? !
All right . What if we leave your bangs straight and just perm the sides and back ?
Doctors aren't sure yet . But the real problem is Suzy . She has a bad cold , and we don't want to take her with us . But we don't know who can stay with her .
There ' s a concert tonight . Would you like to go and listen to it ?
So it ' s really the same story . Practice , practice , practice and more practice is the only way to learn a language .
( At the beach ) My bag is so heavy . Let's put the stuff under the tree .
Wow .
Well , it was definitely worth all the time .
What about the features in the room ?
That's right
I hope so . I'll make sure to get a small one so she can put it into her suitcase . I hope it won't cause her trouble at the border .
Says who ?
I do have the confidence , but I still worry about her .
yes , I've applied to four universities and have been accepted into all of them .
Good idea . Let's go . Where should we go ?
Alright , alright . I am happy to try more Chinese food . Will it be dim sum again ?
Great . Thanks so much for your time .
That's fine . please call again later .
Wait a minute . This is your safe box key , don't lose it . You'll have to pay two thousand yuan if you lose the key .
OK , I'll try . I'll call you again if that doesn't work .
Don ' t say things like this . Please be confident . I think you still have the chance to win her love , unless you don ' t love her anymore .
Well , what do you want to eat ?
You gotta give it a chance . It's fun after awhile .
It looks wonderful .
I'll be at your house at about 5:30 . Happy birthday .
I can't bear you anymore . I am sick of your drinking . I am divorcing you .
Four ports .
I get it now .
You can't help learning when you're using it all day . You ' ll see . A few weeks ' study in the school will have a similar effect on you .
Did you enjoy making the movie ? We heard stories of disagreement with other actors and with the director .
Mmm . Nice and crunchy . And they leave a space uncovered for you to hold ...
Then what's the difference between having a crush and falling in love ?
Don ' t you think it would be an idea to name the ship Dolphin ?
The facial will start with thorough cleansing .
I'm OK .
That's all right . How much do they cost ?
She must have done a lot of work on it .
Maybe I'll have to face the music .
What ? I was just having a friendly conversation with the lady here ...
Hi , this is Susan Smith . I ' m calling about my appointment with Doctor Brown today at 3
I prefer one facing the sea . Besides , it should have a shower .
You have it right . Alcohol is a medium for communicating emotion in China . Drinking with business partners or would-be friends is a way of solidifying friendship , especially in Northern China .
Here ' s your $ 300 .
Right . I have lots of time to think carefully before I make my final decision .
Fair enough . Keep up the good work .
I work for American Airlines .
Yes , sir . I'll get them for you right away . Would you please sign this bill first ? Thank you , sir .
You need to come over here and face this plate .
I'm glad you liked it . Are you ready for dessert ?
Good afternoon . I need some stamps and envelopes .
Thank you . Well , if you ever pass my home , please drop in .
It says Keep off the grass !
I really felt that the service was exceptionally good .
Yes . I have been here for three years .
We both may be snakes , Dave , but I'm just better at it . Among the snakes , I'm the sneakiest .
My whole family are going to Hainan for visiting . What about you ?
Are you trying to change our eating patterns ?
John Taylor , 32 , May 23 , 1970 .
Oh , you didn ' t know that apartments here are considered valuable , even if they are small and crowded ?
The toilet doesn't flush .
I'll buy it if forty .
I see , so it's similar to global warming ?
He's with someone right now , would you hold ?
I am doing well . What ' s up with you ?
Hi , Bob , everything okay ?
Do you think that I should get a new wardrobe ?
great . Let's go !
Tomorrow afternoon .
Sounds good ! What is the hotel that we will be staying at like ?
Absolutely . That's why when he entered the finale , I was so excited .
I wanted to talk to you about that , Mr . Eng . Mr . Emory would prefer to keep the deadline as is . We can start earlier if you ' d like .
Hmm . I'll have to think about this for a second .
Toyota Corolla 2002 .
I suggest we visit the Metropolitan Museum of Art first , Now let's go . look people are jogging along the river . Here we are .
Is there anything of interest to us in the business sections ?
Thanks . It's been a pleasure working with you .
Tomorrow afternoon would be fine .
Well , let me see ... Do you work at IBM Corporation ?
Alright . Well , I'll stay here and have another coffee . Nice running into you .
Yes , I will . Have a nice flight back .
Sure . Basically we have two insurance policies for employees ... workman's compensation and medical insurance . The company pays the premiums for workman's compensation , and for a significant part of the medical coverage , but you pay part of that premium , too .
Yes , it helps everyone to understand what we're doing from different perspectives .
I am going to send you for a CT scan , and I will see you again when we see the results .
Hello , Who's that speaking ?
The more money you made , the more you will earn on unemployment . They have a formula .
No problem . What floor ?
Ok , sue , I will just go in get her .
I just saw a red van pulling into the driveway . Is that her ?
Hello , I ' d like a return to Xi ' an please .
Sorry , but I'm not really that interested in those things .
Can anyone tell me where I can buy the ingredients to make Chinese food ?
You are !
Turbulence is pretty normal , isn't it ?
Yes , Mr . Smith ?
I also heard that Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes made an appearance at the Oscars .
What about taking the cable car ?
No . They want children but no luck yet .
Simply because it's not practical at all .
Wow , it has a balcony .
I've fallen in love with my boss .
Look ! I ' v been watching that man down in the street . He keeps peeping into the shop . Keep your eyes skinned for that guy , will you ?
Hi , Jack . Long time no see !
Yes , certainly , madam .
Ah ... I see .
Yes , it's me . And you're Julie Ashley . How are you ?
Oh , not too bad , but I've got to stay in bed .
I'll try . I'm under a lot of pressure right now .
Yeah , right here .
David , why don't you clean your room ?
We'll need two bedrooms . The kitchen and dining room can be separate or combined .
As to packaging , we'll pack them two dozens to one carton , gross weight about 25 kilos a carton .
No , thank you , I want to go out on the town . What other ideas do you have ?
This one is much better . Can I try on the ring with this necklace ?
It's excellent . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive .
Perhaps I should have a try .
Think of a deep bathtub that you can swim in , but against a current .
A plant ? That's creative . I'm sure ever time she waters it she'll think of you . But there is a problem . Do you think it'll be able to get through the customs ?
Mr . White , I would like to give you notice that I will be leaving the company . It will be effective at the beginning of the next month .
What experience have you had that qualifies you for this position ?
It's too raw . I wanted mine well done , but this one here is almost medium .
Yes . I locked myself out . May I borrow a duplicate key for Room 201 ?
What would a typical day be like for me here ?
Yes , sir . Stainless steel products are always popular .
I maintain that the most important thing is having good friends . A person can't live alt by himself , I think . A friend in need is a friend indeed . So the more really close friends I have , the better .
Yes , there is one at 8: 30 a . m . That arrives at 11:35 a . m .
Oh , yes , it is . Thank you . I was looking for it just now .
You don't have to restrict yourself to a taxi . We can offer you a private vehicle .
Thanks a lot . You are so kind .
Young people ought to carry out their responsibilities . If it's needed , they would live with their parents .
With my dinner , please . And can you take my order for dessert later ?
If I'm in the service center . I'll listen to the client patiently , and accept the criticism objectively . Then I will have the claim reasonably settled .
I'm bleeding too much .
Why didn't you report it before ?
I hate to disappoint you , but unlike what most people think , we aren't all exactly the same !
You ran the stop sign . May I see your driver's licence , please ?
I really need a new pair of trousers .
I think I'll stick with a more traditional choice today !
Well , I have got a vacancy .
Don ' t worry , I can handle that . And I know if the boss is there , even it is an informal evening , it does not make a good impression to get totally drunk in front of him .
Good afternoon . What can I do for you ?
She what ?
Do you honestly think we can compete though ? All the computer giants are there .
Until college ?
That's fine .
Goodbye , then . Thanks again for everything .
That bad , huh ?
Yes .
Thanks for inviting me , Jack , but I ' Ve already made plans for this weekend . I won ' t be able to come , I ' m afraid .
I don't buy a story .
I'm feeling better today .
Wow ! No wonder people are so fat . Say , Carl , looks like you could be doing a bit more exercising .
Yeah , why don't you do that , and then you can give me a call sometime next week .
I'm catching the eleven o'clock train .
Umm ... that ' s the thumb , Nick .
You seem to be in a hurry .
Dave then ? Dave is a spy for WebTracker ? You can't be serious .
I think I might move in with my parents for a couple of months until I can find something . You know how hard it is to find a decent place around here . I ' m gonna have to put most of my stuff in storage for a while .
My Buddha ! ! It's beautiful ! But I thought you were afraid ?
No thanks . I like to run in the morning . I ran a couple of miles when I woke up today .
What can we see in it ?
Do I have to pay extra money for it ?
I have some extra help with my project . What would you prefer to help me with , typing or xeroxing ?
We can sleep together .
I know . But this year I want to get him an interesting tie . Like this one .
I see . Well , good luck !
Does 6 thirty suit you ?
I hope I can go to your party .
I'm glad to know that everyone made it out okay .
... Can you start next week ?
Kathy ! How are you ? It's been ages ! What are you doing these days ?
I believe so .
That's good . Well , these are for you . I hope you will like them .
The reservation was for a double for three nights , wasn't it ?
I don't think so . It ' s kind of sore .
Excuse me . Where can I buy some cigarettes ?
Today , we have invited a special guest , Prof . Yang . He will give us some advice on the legal aspects of international business . Your international legal advice is important to our business well being . Please give us some counsels on such issues as which laws govern the contract , what recourse is available for default or breach of contract by our clients or what to do if a dispute arises .
There ' s some , but I don ' t think it ' s a big problem . A lot of it is petty crime , burglary and car theft . There ' s very little major crime .
I like Renaldo the most .
Well , the position is for an account manager . That basically means that I would be the link between our and our development team .
Yeah , it happened a week ago .
Hello . This is the front desk . What can I do for you ?
( After the show ) It's an excellent musical . The acting was very expressive and the songs and dancing were superb .
You ' re ready , right ?
What do you need help with ?
Of course . How about Toby ? Should we call him ?
Same here .
Yes , but not too stiff , right ?
Ok . The manicurist will be right here .
sure . I ' d be happy to give you some hints and advice .
That is a heavy raining afternoon . I was standing under the eaves of a shop to evade the heavy rain . It's getting dark .
I don ' t think so .
When it comes to select a fund , you will always read Past performance is not an indication of future results , can you believe that ?
On second thought , I think I'll join you .
do you want noodles , vegetables , rice , meat , seafood , beans , or dessert ?
yeah , why not . Do you have all the ingredients ?
What do you mean ? It will help us to relax .
Hi , you said that you might need some help with preparing dinner . What would you like me to do ?
I think it's OK . I also have two credit cards .
What is that ? What are you doing ? You ' re taking all the caviar ! That caviar is a garnish ?
I want to inform you of the interview .
Well , when you do your darks , can you wash some of mine too ?
I want an American breakfast with fried eggs , sunny side up .
Do you know the day they plan to open ?
I come to try my new suit . Here's the receipt .
But this should have been handed in last Thursday .
I know . I think it may rain .
How's Mrs Zu doing these days ?
Honey , I am sorry that I am too busy most of the time .
No , I think that I've had enough of this restaurant .
Could you drop me off at the airport ?
Song , I hate to say goodbye , but I have to .
How about your academic records at college ?
Can I see the receipt ?
Are you engaged ?
I want to go to the financial stree .
Can you name some courses you completed ?
Is it very interesting ?
My German teacher thought it would be a good idea to have German pen friends to write to in German .
Here is our price list , our terms are cash within three months of date of delivery , if you can pay it within one month . we'll give you a discount of 10 % .
My name is Woody .
Oh , the company is the fourth largest machine producer in the world . It was founded in the United States in 1980 . I know that the company has made good use of advanced technology .
Have you heard about John ' s obscene words towards the manager ?
She's getting coupons from her desk .
Yes , so this year we are going to take our first family vacation , just you and I .
Would you give me a bottle of beer , please ?
You'll see this charge on your amenities account .
Well , I heard David has been fired .
Must be one smart guy .
Who was elected ?
Well , would you be horribly offended if I invited you to a Christmas party at my house ?
Should I clean the windshield for you ?
Are you having a good time ?
Ok . Here you are . Is that all right now ?
Yes , quite often .
What are you going to play ?
I'm sorry , Mr . Sandals , but we accept only MasterCard or VISA .
Not some crazy diet fat I hope .
Did you call us ?
Now what about your experience ? How long have you been working with computers ?
Yes , apparently four stores were broken into .
Yes , there were no games in 1916 , 1940 and 1944 , because of World War I and World War II .
Sounds painful !
Have you ever seen a hurricane ?
Welcome to the International Business Department . How can I help you ?
Take care , and give my best to your parents .
That ' s really a shame . By the way , who will be the bridesmaid ?
I wish I could , but I have to walk the dog and finish cooking so if you would excuse me .
Good luck . I hope someone can help you .
You are excellent .
Terrible . How about people's lives ?
Yes . I'd like your breakfast special , please .
I guess it is . The restaurant is on the second floor . Please enjoy your dinner , sir !
I'm sorry I can't , because I haven't finished my thesis .
Do you reimburse for education that relates to my job ?
Ah , I can smell jealousy in the air .
Hmm ... How long will it take to mail things to the USA by air ?
Sorry . There aren't any tickets available for the 19:00 train .
Well , I ' d like to , but I ' m going to have to look at my schedule .
What brings you to Beijing ?
Why don't you try to give it up ?
He's such a mother hen .
My favorite , Mexican . And I've heard that the head chef is from San Paulo .
She sure can . Are you jealous , Leslie ?
Well , let me talk to my manager , okay ?
As long as I don ' t have to row .
Dad , can you help me ?
A little bit .
Okay , sir , but remember how close it is to your checkout time .
I'm worried that she can't catch up with her class .
Well , I ' Ve been meaning to talk to you about the situation in the office .
I ' m Miss Sherman . What seems to be the problem ?
It's 2065 meters . Come on . Let us keep up the pace .
Very good . Here is your room key , sir . If you need anything at all , please dial 0 .
But I heard that our Milky way galaxy may one day collide with a neighboring galaxy . If galaxies are moving apart from each other , how can they collide ?
That sounds about right to me , fifty cents a bag . If they think you don ' t know better , they ' ll try to get more .
No , he's from Australia . Before I met him , I thought Australians were supposed to be relaxed and easy-going . I had no idea he'd be so fussy about things .
I already have .
Are you free next thursday ?
Do you take in students ? I've been told you might have a vacant room .
Well , you can call it in later . You can phone us .
Less than one hour .
School , you mean ? Yes , he does . He likes his teachers , and that always makes difference .
Of course ! It's the sort of thing a hospital emergency ward is for . Will we have to wait much longer ?
Keep your back straight and look forward . Good . Do about 3 sets of 20 .
Yes , we do . we also eat mutton .
Can you tell me about a nice restaurant to go to ?
Surely it's a sound idea , Mr . Joey . But I have a few questions for you first .
How many children do Cindy and Ron have ?
Of course not !
Do you have life insurance ?
When do you start school ?
You can tell me here . I just want to know the price .
Yes I am . And you ...
Yes , my brakes are not working well .
Everyone should be able to love who they want .
Hello . I am Bili and I made an appointment with you to see the house .
No reservation ? Well , then , do you have any rooms available ?
I really didn't mean to .
Graduate Management Admission Test , it contains three parts
I'll do it later , Dad . I must prepare the concert on Saturday .
Yes , there is a lake in the park . It is very beautiful .
Yes , I did . Have you lived here long ?
oh , that's too short-lived .
That explains it .
No problem . Do you want 3 x 5 or 4 x 6 ?
But it ' s unfair .
I don't know yet .
I slipped and fell downstairs .
Yes , can I help you ?
Yet in writing , George has nothing on Frank .
It was really an exciting moment .
It's frustrating !
Why don ' t you go ahead of me ? I have more items than you .
I need to get some business cards printed up .
Yeah ... for Halloween ! We have a big office party tomorrow evening . There's a prize for best costume !
I wonder how long this weather can last .
Fifth Avenue .
Hi Rose , what are you busy with right now ?
What kind of currency have you got ?
Thank you , you are so thoughtful . I think I could use some beers right now .
This historian is famous in the field of Tang Dynasty .
What ' s the time ?
We'd like this course for two , please .
When did you buy your new computer ?
Finally , at the end of the interview , make acknowledgments to the interviewer again .
OK . Here you are .
This is Linda .
Yes , with the LUX dandruff shampoo . It helps a lot to get rid of my dandruff .
Let me know if you need anything else .
Thank you vary much .
Is this training part of the package or will it cost extra ?
Oh my god ! It's 10:00 pm . I have to go .
Maybe a vanilla ice cream milkshake would be good . What's your favorite flavor ?
We can get off the bus right behind Macy's .
We definitely need some new filing cabinets and at least one desk unit .
It's Marcia Gleason .
By the way , it was really thoughtful if you to get me the ticket . I really appreciate it , I'll buy some popcorn , and drinks for us .
Ok . Please go ahead .
My husband and I prefer to have no kids , but my mother-in-law is very traditional and wants grandkids .
Yeah , he first said it was someone from work . He gave me a lame excuse , and so I pressed him on it .
Some next week on , we should be in less of a rush .
Yeah , I ' m dealing with it . Anyway . Thank you , Mike .
I bought it at half price .
I heard that Kevin got divorced . Is that true ?
So you will continue to study for a master's degree ?
yes , employees can take up to 10 days of sick leave per year . However , in order to get paid , you ' ll have to bring in a note from the doctor ' s .
But she did and made me disappointed .
What do you mean sick ? It was really funny , don't you think ?
Oh , that's so great , bless you ! if you need me , I'll always be there .
Yes , the address is 541 Main street .
I don't entirely agree with you .
Hey , Mary , nice to see you again . I heard you're going back home to the U . S ..
Sorry , honey , something has cropped up again . I have to deal with it . Perhaps I will go to back home till very late .
Oh , good . You're an excellent student . I'd be very willing to help you with that .
Charles , have you finished your homework ?
McCain won the election .
Is this 2517758 ?
What came up ?
I'm honored to know you .
Tour 2 .
Definitely not , sir .
I'm Charlie . Nice to meet you .
Hi Mark .
SW113 leaves at 13:25 . Would you want one ?
It usually gets here at noon on Tuesday , which is tomorrow .
It is a very difficult climb because there are not many places to put your hands and feet .
She is dealing with customers and driving up new business . The guy next to her is in charge of their office computer network .
Yes , we are very close . He is 12 years old now and very smart . He always makes us laugh a lot .
I ' m wondering if you like to go to the theatre then .
are you looking for some homemade chocolate as a gift .
No . I ' d better not .
Alternatively , we do offer wireless in our lobby . You can bring your laptop down here .
Um . That doesn ' t really matter . Because we have more French visitors than German .
Another thing is that every six months we would like to receive from you a detailed report on current market conditions and the users comments on our products .
If you really want to learn , remind me when you get back from your business trip .
You'd have a revolution on your hands if you tried to introduce that sort of system here .
Definitely beer . Two bottles .
You're going to have to put in a lot of hours you know .
Hi , What's for lunch ?
On 20th May 1963 .
Yes . My bike has one under the seat . Get it , quick !
There's a major problem with room 507 .
well , it could be me too . But I am not too worried . This place is suffocating me with this boss being such a hard-ass and colleagues who barely know how to get dressed in the morning . It would almost b
Of course . We ' Ve got this style here that is very popular . Because it ' s an open-toe shoe , you can wear it any time of the year . They look great on everyone .
I know ! I never had the guts to tell you ... until today . So , what do you say ? Are you willing to give me a shot ?
That sounds really tasty .
I ' m going there for a tour , too . Is this your first trip to China ?
Hmm . Sounds like she has pretty pricey tastes .
I see . So great .
This is Wang Ling speaking . You satisfy all the requirements . Congratulations ! You're hired .
The cat has eaten my fish , I'll kill it .
I have to exchange some money .
We'll take this steak dinner .
Well , we ' Ve already done our part .
Since 911 I think every airline requires that the passengers show ID to board .
What about a two-bedroom house ?
Certainly . Do you currently bank with us ?
No . It's confiscated for now . And I will return it to you after I finish reading it .
In tens and twenties , please .
I know . I always hope for the best and prepare for the worst .
Of course , but I'll have to go now .
Yeah . How about ' Happy Birthday Tony , from the gang . '
Oh , yes , Mrs . Saxton . Please take a seat here .
What's the rate for a station wagon ?
How about your experience ?
Trina , will you marry me ?
Are there many things online ?
You can't miss it . Add the class and then come back . We'll check later to make sure you are on the roll sheet .
You are so kind . Thanks .
To tell you the truth , sometimes I regret having a baby so early . I have been making so many sacrifices just because my husband insisted on keeping the baby .
Ok , I will call you if you give me your name card .
No , sir . Where to ?
Do not undervalue them as they play a big role in forming the taste and will make the sandwich more refreshing and light . The best choices here are evident -- cucumbers , tomatoes , onions , sweet pepper or chilli , lettuce and , of course , herbs -- you can ' t go wrong with them . As for aubergines , mushrooms and asparagus , I would recommend you first grill them slightly with a little touch of olive oil .
Cool ! But isn't that a hot air popcorn popper ?
500 pieces .
Oh ? Why is that day ?
Maybe you can pick Mary ' s brains now . She knows a lot about stocks .
Do you feel that you have received a good general training ?
Cool ! Well , let's go over there to join mom . I want to tell her all about the special pests-killing method .
why not ? I love animals and I love nature .
I will need your arms raised to shoulder height .
Oh , I see . I'll show you some .
she also believes in healthy diet . And she requires us to have regular meals .
How about the subway ?
Sure . W-E-double B-E-R .
Hello , doctor .
Ah , there's something in what you're saying . According to the present FDA regulations , the Ma Ling Labels then cannot be used if the lichee is to be offered for import into the United States .
Well , this one is not compulsory . It is just suggestion .
I couldn ' t believe you should crack such a joke to them .
Can't you give me a break on this ? We've already spent so much money on lighting , I hate to have to blow so much more on halogens .
It's your blood pressure , I'm afraid . It's far too high .
Well , what can I say ? I didn't know . Oh , I meant to tell you earlier , your blouse doesn't really match your skirt . Those colors don't really suit you either .
What's your favorite course , Daniel ?
We design and assemble a wide range of electric generators for hospitals , hotels anc small factories . We specialise in medium-sized generators but we're hoping to diversify into larger models next year .
Is anything the matter , sir ?
I also think the company is pretty cheap with travel expenses . I spent half of the weekend on a train ! Surely they could have afforded to buy a few plane tickets !
That's great ! I will take the next train .
Let's invite Bobbie and John to our party , OK ?
English school ? What is that ?
Thank you for your inquiry . Would you tell us the quantity you require so that we can work out the offers ?
Would that be a place that you might like to go to for your birthday ?
See , I had a burger for lunch yesterday .
It means that if you place a big order , we usually allow 15 % for a trade discount . And our products feel more slip , colorful and faddish than others . You can have a look .
Oh , yes . Any kind of goods are dependable as our shop is well-known throughout the city .
Yes , really .
Devi , do you have any preference for where you would like to go for dinner for your birthday ?
200 dollars per week .
Hi ! What are you watching ?
How should I know ? It's not my responsibility .
So you ' Ve got something on your mind , I guess .
Sure thing . I've got time .
Yes . May I help you ?
Shall I say around ten o'clock ?
That is good of you to say so . When can you start working ?
Me too . Did you play when you were a kid ?
I had pizza for lunch yesterday .
I know , Blake . But you ' Ve been avoiding me all morning , and we have got to talk about this deal with the Mc Kinsey Food Company .
It seems that the climate in this country is changing .
I'm sorry . I've been having some problems .
There is one class on Tuesday and Thursday from 2 to 4 .
Gucci , I have an idea . Do you want to see this movie together ?
It ' s becoming more and more common . However , I don ' t ever want to get divorced myself ! What about you ?
Mostly just to browse the Internet and send emails to friends .
Fine .
I used to buy lunch every day from the International food stall at school . Every day was an adventure !
Five . Besides my parents and me , there are my brother and sister .
On the bottom shelf in the cupboard under the sink .
Yes , indeed .
Yes , we have a wide selection of mixed drinks available from our bar .
It's just nine o'clock .
has anything else happened to you ?
Hello , Jane ! Is that the Human Resource Department ?
Because you study day in and day out for the entrance exam . So I figure you would study even harder after you ' Ve got in .
Why not a ring ?
When will the campus recruitment of L'Oreal being this year ?
What's the matter ?
What are the gym hours ?
I know , don ' t remind me . I ' m starting a new diet the day after tomorrow .
Do you prefer tall girls or short ones ?
When you buy clothes , you must think about the material , quality and price .
Did you need help with something ?
I ' m reading about Michael Milliken , the Bond King .
same here . Have you seen any new films recently ?
That wardrobe looks quite big . Is it full of clothes ?
Are you willing to drive yourself if the job requires ?
Well , why don ' t you come tomorrow ? I ' ll stop by your house on my way out .
I don't have any more cash , and I have to get on another bus to get home .
It ' s fantastic .
Tell me about the apartment .
Yes , what a wonderful meal !
( Bob groans . ) What's the matter . Bob ?
Honey , the house is such a mess ! I need you to help me tidy up a bit . My boss and her husband are coming over for dinner and the house needs to be spotless !
Can I bring you some dessert ?
Then you might need to pretend to be a little crazy .
When is the last time you talked to you parents ?
I remember Hugh . Most people thought he was a little ... uh ... peculiar . Do you know what he ' s doing now ?
Please excuse me for what I said just now . What do you think of this one ?
Why didn ' t you just stay at PCC ?
Yes , I think so . There is also an interesting one . It ' s opposite the park .
What do you mean ? It's because it's much cheaper to buy liquor duty-free .
Is she here now ?
Mr . Johnson , there's something I'd like to talk over with you . Would sometime this week be convenient for you ?
Four . Two adults and two children . Is there any discount ?
And no phone .
Yes , please . I've been here for nearly two months , but I still haven ' t found a job . Do you think you can find one for me ?
Your doctor wants to know what your white blood cell count is .
Can you show me some jade , please ?
Oh , good .
I'm sorry . There are no sales today .
Ok . We have several kinds of scarves here . Let me get them for you . Just wait a minute .
Yes . it serves excellent Sichuan food . Spicy food may improve your appetite .
Jack Webber .
Well , we were contacted by your manager and he said ...
Will you sit here , please ? How would you like it cut ?
Oh , let's just hope it stays warm .
Nothing . I am just checking .
Can it wear well and keep its shape ?
do you really think that global warming Wil destroy Earth some day ?
Sure . How do you want it ?
No problem . I can do that for you .
Why ? It's in mint condition !
That's great . I would love to . And when ?
What's on the menu today ?
Yes , I did . Did you ?
I think that it would look better with a better quality carpet .
Thank you . Good-bye .
Come here , please .
You are right . That's the Heart of Lake Pavilion , situated on an islet . It was built in 1552 and is the largest pavilion on the West Lake . Oh , here we are at the Little Yingzhou island . Let's get off the boat . Please watch your steps .
What was that like ?
Excuse me . I wonder if you can help me .
Can you tell me what the date and time of our field trip is ?
This book is so good . I just can't put it down ! It's called ' The Power of One ' .
You know only one aspect of him . Do you know what he would do in the kitchen ?
What do you think about pink ?
When can you do that ?
Jane , what do think about this dinner ?
I saw garlic ice cream on the menu once .
We put $ 500 into the savings account , and $ 750 into our stock account .
I'd like to cancel my reservation on flight MS701 to Warsaw on the 23rd . My name is Michael .
Are you ready to go shopping ?
I'm afraid I've had a terrible row with my boss . What shall I do ?
If we give you the job , what ' s the most important thing you except to get ?
Something like listening to music is a good idea .
I don ' t have one .
You'll never lose weight if you listen to your stomach .
The ground beef is $ 2 . 48 a pound .
Have you started your report yet ?
Take it from my checking account .
Yes , but please check in at least one hour before departure time .
No , you peel off the skin and throw out the nut .
What exactly do you want ?
Round trip .
Yeah , and most importantly , she's single ! Man , I could tell from the moment I saw her , she's the girl of my dreams !
Apple pie is my favorite dessert .
OK . How much is the subscription ?
I think you should work out more too .
Yes . I just need to double check a few details with you .
There's a parking structure for students .
Did you ever take History 231 ?
Don ' t you always fail in the math tests ?
Forget it . It ' s nothing .
Starting salary is $ 150 a week-plus commissions , of course .
It seems not or somebody has recently received a large fax . Ok , no problem . We do it ourselves .
And if you try to find a part-time job , you'll have some money too .
Besides Chinese , I can speak English and French .
Yeah , but it isn't more expensive than international calls .
Yeah , but nothing was clear during the test .
About ten . another thing is that I want an appointment with the customer at Changing hotel at three thirty this afternoon . please help me phone the customer so we can confirm now .
Me , too . I think he ' s really a shoulder to cry on .
Well , apparently , he's been having an affair with his secretary .
They will need a record showing who you worked for and when you worked for them .
What courses have you completed ?
No , she's wearing my Chinese zodiac sign .
Why are you so angry , darling ?
OK . How about some spring rolls and squid balls , some pork skins , and some beer !
I should have some free time next week . Say , next Wednesday evening ?
I don't think I'm ready for a ring from him yet .
Yes , beautiful weather we're having .
No , it's unnecessary . Just respect the staff and their own opinions .
Do you have any plan on your mind ?
Did I ? Let me see that ... Oh , sorry ... here you are .
I'm not that hungry . I think I'm just going to have a salad .
Could I pay for my parking ticket ?
Let's run up and give him a hand .
almost always . However , sometimes they get mad at me for not giving them any cash .
Then why are you wearing black shoes ?
It is . What can I do for you ?
I'm so thirsty .
Please cut the sides shorter , but not so much at the back .
If you can , could you pick up my prescription for me ?
I have no idea . Tell me .
Have you thought about the electrician program over there ?
Do you know Yahoo Greetings , Edgar ?
No wonder it looks so huge .
Sword , say it ' sword ' .
What's the exact information ?
Let me handle it .
A : Look at this survey conducted by a website . A quarter of the employees will spend an average of 10 minutes everyday online doing personal things . Hi , Francis , what about you ?
Thank you for shopping here .
Is the water causing any damage ?
20 persons .
that sounds nice . How do you spend your mornings ?
Well , I'm looking for a job .
Hello , is this apartment management ?
That's disappointing . I was really looking forward to it .
Mom , may I play the card games for a while ?
What about next week ? Is it convenient for you ?
Yes . I am going for a hike around the Qinghai Lake .
Come on . We ' Ve been through this already ! Look , I know the adjustment was hard when you first got here , but we agreed that you were gonna try and deal with it .
Be careful of what you say , or you ' ll have to eat humble pie .
I guess we'd better get back to work .
Yeah . There's nobody in sight .
But you ' re crazy about him .
You never did it on your own .
I ' m not a Christian . I just want to know why Americans believe that sort of thing .
I think that we should dress neatly and appropriately .
Hello , this is Chen Kun . I am booked on flight LJ88 for Barcelona on Jan . 19th .
Would you like to go to a concert tonight ?
You know ? Go ask for a transfer . They're free .
Do you have a big family at your hometown ?
Los Angeles is in California . It's southeast of San Francisco .
I certainly have .
You know what , this is the best part . David is a junior investment banker at Fortune Bank , so he ' s got a great career path ahead of him !
The new computer software is driving me crazy ! I really need a break !
I graduated with honors ; I had a 3 . 9 .
As a matter of fact , he hasn't been feeling too well .
I also enjoyed it and was wondering if you would like to go for a hike in the mountains with me on Saturday .
What about the commission ? From European suppliers I usually get a 3 to 5 percent commission for my imports . It ' s the general practice .
You mean I am groaned a few words ?
That's exactly what I was thinking had happened .
I usually try to go to bed around 11
I voted for Obama .
Right . Sorry . Anyway , the radio said that it'll rain later today .
do you know where they are from .
Cheese ! It tastes like cardboard .
I'm looking for an MP - 3 player . Which brand is of the highest quality ?
It's a chance in a million . I hear John is interested in it .
Mary likes mountain climbing .
Where did you go ? You've got a beautiful tan .
How about the Japanese ones ?
What have you learned from the jobs you have had ?
I don't like the merry-go-round .
Yes , I think so . Can I ask you something ?
Oh , yes . How are you ?
Fine , what time do you want to get up ?
Yes . I suppose so .
Oh , Is that what this is ?
I live on 1177 Oak lane in Smithfield . Oh , hurry , I don't know what to do !
Here , let me help you with your bags .
Maybe I am a Barbie Doll , but I won ' t do Barbie Doll things .
They do . Once my son was born , there was no reason to drive this car anymore . It's only a two-seater , you know !
And junk food contains lots of fat and oil . There is one final reason why so many people are fat .
We have just arrived from Tokyo and we've been looking for our reserved car of your company all over , but we cannot find it .
That's the one . A bunch of us are going there for dinner tomorrow night . How about coming with us ?
I am pretty sure that I didn ' t send that claim form in .
And stay in the shallow area . I don ' t want to see you go any farther than that sandbar ! It ' s too deep out there and we didn ' t bring your floatier .
No , I'm afraid not . Can I sit over there ? There's a table free by the window .
What do we have for the dinner now ?
Cash . But first , I need a lid for this pan .
How ' s it going ?
I don't think I'm going to get one .
I have been playing football since high school . At present , I ' m a member of a community football club .
Sure . Anything else ?
Do you know the address ?
No , you have to take care of the insurance . But we are willing to pay the half transport . Can you accept that ?
I've thought of that , but what can I do with my car ? If only I had taken a taxi !
I was looking for the Resume Writing Workshop .
It's on 7th Street .
Yes . This is a duty-free shop .
Three seats , please .
OK . Here goes .
Do you know ' He ' is Ms . Rebecca !
I think she has her ears pierced and she definitely has a few tattoos
A train got trapped underground with him inside .
Don't worry , Marian , I've got you covered .
That is Mary . I heard that she's just moved in with Lee .
I don ' t think that ' s gonna cut it . I need something bigger and better !
I have redecorated my bedroom . I decide to repaint the walls and change the pictures . I also bought a new pair of curtains . What do you think of it ?
When does the first period begin , by the way ?
I should still tell him . In the least , I can refer him to my company . It might help .
I'd like to have some vegetables first .
I'd like to cash this check , please .
By all means .
Well , since this is your first time , I will do it for you . But next time , if you want a full-service gas station , you should look at the sign .
Baby , come on . Don ' t do this to me ! Whatever it is , we can work it out . Just give me another chance ! I know that we can get through this , but we gotta stick together ! Don ' t leave me .
In spring , people are feeling refreshed . They take off their heavy winter clothes and walk with a straight back and light steps . They feel they are full of spirits and energy .
Here is 40 dollars . Keep the change , please .
It runs every 15 minutes . You must have missed it .
Susan , Did you know the four ugliest women in ancient China ?
Thank God !
Your usual shirt and shoes .
There's so much to do and so little time .
It's in the hall on the first floor .
Well , I think I ' ll take it . Can I write you a check for the security deposit now ? $ 1200 ?
Visa , Master Card , or American Express ?
Yes , I ache all over .
Thank you for coming to see me off .
Yeah , you are right . Internet makes our lives easier . But it's a two-blade sword .
I'd love to squeeze in a trip to the Great Wall .
I could teach you how to cook something healthy . Frozen pizza are so bad for you !
What kind of grapes do you want ?
You're right . He sure is .
It's 60 yuan , please .
Yes , I saw one . Believe me .
I hate it .
Are there tickets for Saturday then ?
Yes , of course . Would you like to walk there or take a bus ?
Yes , that's right . I like this city very much and would like to make my home here .
Three times every year .
I'm not sure , but as far as I know , most factory tours are free . They are sponsored by the company providing the tour .
I'll enjoy working with you . Have a great day !
This is not common noodles . They're " long-lived " noodles . it ' s an old Chinese tradition to eat . long - lived noodle on birthday .
That's impossible ! I'm talking about Mister Taylor Smith .
I'm afraid it has been our practice so far to insist on payment by L / C .
That's great . M OST of my family is coming home too .
Wow ! When did you come into so much cash ?
When and where did you obtain your degree ?
I'm sorry but it's for the best .
You are sort of romantic .
Sometimes pink is not bad , too .
We'd better have a heart-to-heart talk with him .
Oh , wait , here are the rest .
Well , I will look around your shop some more . I need to think about it .
What about this one ? It sells like hot cakes .
Sure . The bittersweet perfume has a calming effect on the nerves .
Yes , my name is Steven Smith . I have a reservation from October 2nd to October 6th . I called last week .
I know . But I must say it's still unacceptable . Couldn't you make a discount for me ? You see , we have such a long-term cooperation . And our business could be mutually beneficial .
I've something urgent to tell you .
Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce .
But i do not like anyone touch my head .
Great , I ' ll see you then .
Yes , I'm looking for Bob .
I know . I intent to go to the store today .
Really ? I will take it .
Did you hear about the pilot ?
She's glowing . It must be the pregnancy .
I learned to negotiate 9 from my mother . I thought I was pretty good at bargaining , but I had a problem the other day at Kimble ' s Department Store .
I bought you a new one last year . Isn't it handsome ?
So do I . The sun ... the sand ... the ocean !
Yes . Why don't you try this one on .
There's nothing I can think of .
About like this ?
There is a stop at Tiananmen Square . The stops will be announced on the bus both in English and Chinese . When the stop is coming , you just push the red button near the rear door if you want to get off .
That ' s fine . Thanks for coming to see us . I hope to be able to let you know about the job within the week .
Oh , you look quite slender and more vivacious . What have you been taking ? Are you on a diet ?
I ' ll help you with that .
You have gotten amazing success . Congratulations !
But they ' re very nice , you know .
Everything has gone as smooth as clockwork . Just like we planned ! That may be true , but if you were to do it , you would have trouble on the horizon . You always say that .
You can ' t compare apples and oranges . I believe that both topics are important and that we can ' t ignore them , the mistreatment of animals can cause a great environmental imbalance . I believe that governments should prohibit activities like poaching .
And press ' enter ' to confirm , here . Now you need to decide which service you need .
I went there last year . If you want , I can give you some information I have about the city .
Pretty good . I've just bought a new house .
OK ! Do we need any meat ?
The dress looks beautiful . Can I touch it ?
I've heard about it , but I'm still waiting for my invitation .
I will get registered now at once . Do you know any training schools ?
This is my friend Jenny .
Now . you can see why it's called the Lantern Festival .
yeah , I think so .
Is it worth seeing ?
Why don't you make up with John .
Oh ... that's OK ... as long as you're buying !
I like designing products , and one of my designs received an award . Moreover , I am familiar with CAD . But I can do any mechanic well if I am employed .
How about rumba ?
Let me have a try .
Which institute did you choose in university ?
All right . But how ?
Absolutely ! They also have real Italian Galatian and French sorbets . They do a great baked Alaska .
Yep . Here it is . What do you think ?
I don't like to keep up with joneses .
Sure . There you are .
But we should get you some shirts while we're here . You need summer shirts .
I like this style , but I don't like its color . Do you have this coat in yellow ?
Then what's your problem ?
Don't worry . We can always change our careers , when we are unsatisfied with them .
I was worried where you were .
That's too early . I don't get out of work until five . Do you have a later flight ?
No , mom . I didn't .
Well , it's more like she kept me busy ...
Our product features inventory tracking software , which continuously updates and tracks your inventory on a real-time basis .
This is Bob . Where have you been , Mary ? I have been trying to get on to you for the last half hour . Don ' t you leave your home at 7
let's take the bus .
How many cigarettes do you have ?
Mr Brown ! How nice to see you , can I help ?
I was the only person in my family reading it . Everyone in my family just likes to read Fashion .
I just dropped in to say goodbye .
Well . then , 260 yuan each .
Did you get a good look at them ?
How long will it take ? I hope it won't be too long .
No . That ' s what is surprising me .
Well , that ' s true , but you ' d probably only watch cartoons and action movies .
Is there any cheaper one ?
May I know who's calling ?
I'm here to help . Tell me your questions and I'll do my best to answer them .
Do you own your own darkroom ?
Oh , are you ? And what are you studying ?
We brought the price down only a few days ago . This is definitely a bargain .
Sure .
Well . He doesn't wear ties that often .
It means there must be no naked flames or sparks anywhere near flammable materials . If the materials ignite , it could cause a serious fire and the fumes they give off can be very dangerous if you inhale them .
Yes , I think that's it . Can I get that on the Accord ?
I go to PCC .
I can't stand the stupid guy any longer . It ' s unbelievable !
No . Not at all . I'm quite easy-going .
You look hot and tired . Jack , have you been exercising ?
Hello , how can I help ?
Oh . It ' s awful , but it can ' t be helped .
Bring me a cup of coffee , please .
I understand , and it will get done after I wake up in five minutes .
I like playing the piano .
I need to copy some pages in my book .
Thank you , but no . This will do it for now .
Just make yourself a peanut butter and jelly sandwich .
Read one of the street signs or something .
That would be great .
Did you play a lot of games when you were little ?
Alright ... I get your point .
Where can I find it ?
Mmm , you may be right .
We will make an offer as soon as possible . I hope a lot of business will be put through between us .
Can you give me an example of a time when you had to work above and beyond your job description ?
I would like to get a bus pass .
What day did you have it scheduled for ?
Why did you quit your last job ?
That's very nice of you to say . But if we set up an office there in the States , maybe you could try to become part of it .
I knew we'd find the right pan sooner or later . How would you like to pay ?
What ' s the matter , dear ?
That's excellent . Well , for our Personal Automobile Consumer Loan we offer some really competitive rates . The maximum repayment period for this type of loan is 5 years .
I'm sorry , I'm afraid you've dialed the wrong number . There is no Petti here .
Linda , would you care for some candies or cookies ?
That Kenmore looks nice .
OK . What do you think of it ?
Your ring is very beautiful .
Soup and bread and salad bar ! I'm telling you , these people know how to keep you coming back !
About 12 . She is a good girl .
That's too bad !
Could you charge it to my credit card ?
Yes . The sliced noodles they offer are among the most authentic Shanti cuisines .
Yes , it does .
yes , we can look at the computer and computer menu at the same time . And this will help us understand both better .
And the date , please .
Yes . But I'm not used to eating American-style breakfast .
The gym is open 24/7 , but the stations are open from 7 a . m . to 10 p . m . only .
Yes , but not here . Have you got registered yet ?
Goodbye . Thanks again for everything .
Yes . I ' Ve just come back from Scotland .
Yes , they seemed to click at the meeting the other day .
Oh , this silk carpet is really beautiful . Look at the pattern , and how delicate it is !
Well , they are packed in boxes of two dozens each , 100 boxes to a wooden case .
have you had anything to eat ?
It certainly has been a pleasure seeing you again and renewing old memories .
I thought you meant vegetables and meat when you asked me . Things like that . I don't have any vegetables .
Yes , I do . Blue Cross .
Sure , that ' ll be fine for me . I ' ll come to your office so you can show how you set up these macros .
I see . How can I pay by Telegraphic Transfer ?
I'm feeling a bit airsick .
Can you help me find a pan ?
So what kind of music turns you on ?
Plead your case .
Depends ? Depends on what ?
Hello , Ms . Barkley . How are you ?
Well , I think I was being a little selfish myself . I know they don't get to see each other very often .
So how did you like the restaurant ?
I actually work here .
Do you like tea ?
Let me dig my VISA out of my purse .
I guess we should see Big Ben soon .
I need to make some copies .
OK . I left my cell phone in my room this morning before I want out . When I come back it was gone . I have looked every where in my room and I can't find it .
Why do you say that ? I think you're making a lot of progress .
I have learned some skills about how to deal with clients and how to behave myself as a personnel manager .
We can be so critical of one another .
Certainly . The vegetarian pizza looks pretty good . It must be very delicious .
John , my father isn't there at all . Are you kidding ?
It moved slowly up the stairs , step by step , and I could hear its approaching footsteps . When it finally got to the top of the stairs , I realized that it was my father in his green pajamas . He had gone to get a late night snack .
Just a moment , PLS . I'll write out a receipt for you .
As many as you like , sir . They are beautiful , aren't they ?
Of course not , I have to watch my American Idol .
It's our pleasure . And is there anything else we can do for you before you leave here ?
I ' ll just check . At what time on Friday evening ?
Let me take a look at the schedule . I ' ll get back to you this afternoon , all right ?
That's great . But how long do I have to wait ?
It ' s just nerves . Just play the right hand for now . One two three four five six , ta ti tri-ple-ti . Good , good . Don ' t forget the accidentals ! The key signature says that note should be a G-sharp b
I have the sauce , but remind me to get some catchup at the shop .
Just fine , thanks . And you ?
Do you like the cookies ?
Fine . Now complete this form and sign your name at the bottom .
Did you get laid off ?
Yes . I'm a transit passenger for this flight . Can you tell me where to go ?
When you worked in your previous company , which did you prefer , working with other people or by yourself ?
don't worry . Nothing bad will happen . I'll even buy your ticket for you .
Six o'clock in the afternoon .
Well , I'm glad I had a chance to see these samples , but I'm really not in a position to make a decision right now .
Yeah , it is my favorite . Many Chinese people including women and children would like to concern the game . I think they want to see the performance of coming and YiJianLian , the Chinese players in NBA .
Yes . We're satisfied with the result .
Hello , I hope to get a room for the night .
I have experience in computer operation , proficiency in Microsoft Windows , Microsoft Word and Microsoft Excel .
I feel pity for the old man .
Hey , Jordan , is that you ? Long time no see !
I don't have health insurance .
That will be all for me .
What can I do for you , Ma'am ?
He's a team player .
You are in the right place . Roll up your left sleeve and have a seat .
I know . I should've called .
You are under arrest , sir . You have the right to remain silent . You better not pout , you better not cry . Anything you say can and will be used against you . You have the right to an attorney . if you cannot afford one , the state will appoint one for you . do you understand the arrest to you ?
You know we went great lengths to promote the sales of your products . Through our continuous effort , consumers tend to accept your product . So , there will be a potential market for your product in this area , and would you let us act as your agent ?
Is this the first time you ' Ve voted ?
I'm left-handed . You bought that watch so that I won't borrow it ...
Hi , John . What brings you to town ?
No , but we're trying to contact them .
How many children do you have ?
No problem , if possible I always combine business with pleasure . Now , let ' s hear more about these chocolates you ' re offering .
Yes , it's used , but she said it was in very good shape . It ' s a small foreign car .
I see . You ' re a stranger here . Walk two blocks ahead , then turn left . You can't miss it .
$ 20 .
They are , keep the documents in chronological order , remove all the chips and pins , punch the documents evenly and place them in the folder .
a guy I met on the internet three month ago .
We should put some information about it on the home page of our university website . When people visit the website , they ' ll see the information .
Good . See you !
I'm in favor of Maggie .
Peter , it's a quarter to twelve . Let's go home now !
Don ' t be angry with me . I have a bad memory .
Yes , sir . how can I help you ?
Yes . Do I need to sign my name here ?
Thanks a lot , Eve . Goodbye .
Thank you so much . I would really appreciate that .
Sorry , $ 14 is the lowest I can go .
Me too .
I would like that Anna , but I think I ' ll need a little space for a bit .
You have a warrant .
I'll definitely try to make it the next time .
Tell me about a time when you had to research a case and encountered some obstacles you had to overcome .
Dance class ! I don't know how .
A gang of bastards are wildly shooting on the next street . We must leave this place the soonest .
Thank you , Peter .
No , thank you . I don't like milk in my coffee . I like black coffee .
No , I ' m going to the airport to meet some friends from Beijing .
For two days .
OK . Let me try .
Yes , I'm afraid I am . My husband is a smoker too .
We send our kids to private school , but that ' s good to know too .
Yeah I know .
I apologize for this mess . They ' Ve got me handling so many projects , and it ' s hard to keep things organized .
Hi , long time no see . How have you been ?
True . I always see him drinking instant .
What's the fare , please ?
Yeas , It is . Sewen Jes speaking . How can I help ?
What did you order ?
Cancelled ! So what am I supposed to do now ?
Hi Bill , I saw your grandma yesterday .
Mmmm . That sounds like something I had in Mexico once .
There are a lot of wild animals in that place , and also some special rules while visiting .
And what should a secretary do during the meeting ?
Yeah , and most excitingly , I met the girl living under me today . She's really nice .
Steven Michael .
Bang ? ! Bang ! Bang ! What are the Kings doing at seven o ' clock on Sunday morning ?
Have any plans for the weekend , Tom ?
Yes , I ' m sure .
I'd like to come back next weekend .
Yes ! Here is my bankbook .
Are there many idioms in English ?
All right . Now you can take your case away .
I like it , and it's a fast meal .
Oh , dear . Did you lose a lot of money ?
I was almost on line the whole night .
Have you got anything to ask me ?
I have some good news for you . We've decided we'd like to send you to Shanghai on a business trip this weekend .
I'm not sure which would be better for me ; buying some insurance or putting my money in a Savings Deposit .
Probably . Let's check the inside then .
It will be a large church one . Is your wedding dress ready ?
I wish I could tell you yes , but no , there isn't .
Yep . They said they're reviving an old tradition .
Certainly . We always have the interest of the customers at heart .
I know . But I don't have someone to diet with . If we help each other and motivate each other , then I think we can lose some weight .
In my opinion , a secretary must be familiar with office routine and try to do some things by you . This is the filing cabinet and any document or file you may need . And you should file these documents in alphabetical order .
What about going to Beijing ?
Oh , did he ?
I would've never known .
In about 2 hours .
No problem . See you !
Uh ... what game ?
Do you have a good psychological resilience ?
Did you see the posting for the electrician apprentice program ?
Oh yes , I ...
I don't feel like eating . And I cannot sleep well .
No , it's not going to be George . I don't think it's Andy either . He is involved with the boss's sister in-law . And you know how whipped our boss is .
Oh , thank you , Mary . You're so nice .
I have had a good stay here . Your service is wonderful . I'm very satisfied with it .
Yes , we will be in .
I still have five seats in the mezzanine .
Yes , we've got great apartments with charming environment and nice scenery . And they are all newly renovated .
Hello , Lucy . This is Monica again . I have a question .
Well , okay . Then there is still Michael . But he's the boss ' pet after having the best sales record for three months in a row . It definitely won't be Michael .
I hope you're hungry because the pizza here is huge as well as to die for .
I am really excited for you .
I see . I guess you can tell I don ' t travel much .
I like to go to the movies . What do you do in your free time ?
oh ? What's that ?
He is so unskillful . I have never seen such an awkward burglar .
Was it your first time ?
You'd better believe it .
You are allowed an additional two carry-on items .
You have to listen to what the client asks for . What you have just shown me is not at all in line with the client ' s wishes .
that ' s my little secret . Did you like the snacks and I prepared ?
That's all right . Show me the blue pen , please .
OK , but please make sure that you get all of your make-up work completed .
I would say she's only 5 feet .
My choice would always be tea .
that sounds like a nightmare !
My expectation is in the 3800 to 4500 RIB range . That ' s the take-home pay .
Which kind of sport do you like to watch ?
What's the life expectancy in your country ?
Of course , here you are . And you can ask me any question .
Hello . This is Jones . I'd like to speak to Mr . Chen .
I have already learned a lot in the classroom and I hope to be able to make practical use of it in your company . My specialization at the university is just in line with the areas your institute deals with . I am sure I can apply what I have learned to the work in your institute .
I think we can have a try .
I don ' t think they are right . I have tried my best and that's enough . It is unfair that they are always saying these thing . Sometimes I even feel deeply hurt .
So you can have more room for development .
Yeah , sure , you won't be disappointed .
The chicken tastes wonderful , but it is kind of dry . Is your fish OK ?
I saw a man come in with a gun .
Could you show me where the ice cream is located ?
What cities did you go to ?
Do you believe that one religion is better than another ?
yes . I have so many clothes stuffed into it . Perhaps I should get rid of some of them . There are clothes in there that I never wear anymore .
Just like my wife . So , what ' s your favorite movie ?
good morning . I understand that you ' Ve got a problem with your washing machine . I ' m from the repair company .
He was . He was friendly toward and showed concern for everyone he met .
Good-bye . Remember to look me up if you're ever in Washington .
Are you going to this class this morning ?
Speed Airlines Reservation . May I help you ?
Actually , I was wondering what we should do if either one of us would like to terminate the contract ?
Looks like a good party , I probably know about half the people .
Of course , madam .
Can you drive me ? I will go to Ann's house . It isn't far . I can call the theater guild from there and give them her number . She will let us wait in her living room .
it seems that we generally like different kinds of people . How is it that we are such good friends ?
Maybe you have food poisoning .
And to drink ?
Yes , too good to be true .
did you get my email ?
Hey , man , look , what's on the wall over there ?
And you didn't think to leave them my cell phone ?
It depends . Sometimes I am very busy .
I only saw bushes at the intersection .
I live on Las Flores and Fair Oaks .
Sixty-five ? What the ... ? How did you bargain him down , Wei ? You've never even been to a flea market before !
I can pick you up at the gate of your company . Also , what type of food do you like ?
Well , you better make sure you pay it off .
Yes , I took my temperature last night . It was 102 degrees . But right now I feel my fevers is up to 103 degrees .
Yeah , so I have to buy presents for everyone before I leave .
What ? No kidding !
It's October the 1st , our National Day . I'd like to talk some more , but I've got to get going now . It was nice talking to you , though .
You're going to need your ID to pay the ticket .
Sir , the filet mignon was so popular tonight that we ran out . May I suggest the porterhouse ?
Oh , we've got plenty of time .
Good moming . What can I do for you ?
Early this morning .
Wait for my instructions and then proceed accordingly .
Probably my parents .
Yes . That ' s true . We are always busy . The company attaches great importance to high efficiency . Sometimes we have to work overtime , but not always . And we have extra pay for extra work .
It's my new pendant . Do you like it ?
Do you have any house specials that you could recommend ?
how long will you be staying in the UK ?
Is this one fit for you ? It is nice .
Not really . His wife was able to find a good job as an interpreter , because she could speak French and German fluently . After a few months ' work , she had a better job than her husband . So in the end ,
Come on , daddy . You can see that people only pick the red ones .
To the right .
OK , I will bring it to you in a moment .
ok . Let ' s not forget fruit and vegetables . We need a bunch of bananas , a kilo of tomatoes and a bag of potatoes .
Great , is our room ready yet ?
You ought to point out how valuable you are , and tell her those people who have the same situation also get the salary raise .
Well , we can see it for ourselves . Did she tell you when we can go and look at it ?
I'll accept your offer .
Those are possible problems , but tell me , when you turn the key , do you hear the starter motor crank ?
No , wait , you will be too cold without mittens .
Yes , It's only eight forty . Thanks so much !
Will it take me straight there ?
You are an eager beaver .
Yes , you ' re right . Good night .
Oh , I bet it's really quiet . But is there much to do there ?
No problem . What are you looking for ?
No , I am asking you whether you will go to see it .
Is the clock right ?
Is it like a zoo of polar animals ?
I actually transferred here from another school .
Do you use your bank to pay your utility bills ? I use direct debit .
If you really think so , in my opinion you should give up this feeling completely .
By air , of course . It takes over two weeks to go by sea .
that sounds great . Do you know if there are any vegetable dishes that are spicy ?
No problem . See you this afternoon .
I think that I would enjoy living here , but I would like to make improvements .
I have just changed my plan .
We import a little oil from Venezuela , but we are fairly self-sufficient . We import some iron and a lot of aluminium from neighbouring countries .
How do you spend your free time ?
At 2 PM , give a presentation here with the press . At four o ' clock sharp , have dinner with Mr . Smith , manager of NCC .
When will I know the results ?
Remind me never to sign up for that course !
So I didn't miss by much then .
Is that boy standing there your brother ?
You know , I could do this myself . Why don't you go get the screwdriver and the pliers and go fix the vacuum cleaner so it works better ?
Size five .
Generally , the reporters take positive lines . They do point out a few problems that we need to be aware of , but there ' s nothing worrying in the reports . In the classifieds , one of our competitors is advertising for people who speak Japanese .
The movie company has to pay them ?
Good heavens , am I really ? I'm so sorry , I didn't notice .
Carton ?
My biggest satisfaction is when I experience growth in a job . When I first started as a paralegal , I had a lot to learn . But through hard work , advice from some good mentors and continuing education , I have come a long way . I've learned to be flexible when possible and to deal with difficult people in a positive manner .
Well , how can I put this ? France is a terrible team .
But I bought it to get rid of the heat . Now it does nothing but burning my head .
Yes , you are right . But one should keep learning daily to maintain our keen mental power expand our intellectual capacity . Constant learning drive us to Sharp our power of reasoning , analysis and judgement .
This hotel has no full-size pool , but we do have swim stations in our gym .
What are those stores ?
Of course not , help yourself .
I like taking photos out of doors .
I know .
No trouble at all . So long .
hi , Emily , do you know that guy over there ?
Are you taking anything ?
How about this pair ? They're well-made .
You know , honey , I used it all on the way over .
What are you getting ?
Are you looking for part time or full time employment ?
By the way , would you like to have dinner with me tomorrow evening ? Tomorrow is my birthday .
Please enter your PIN number on the keypad .
I'll try them on .
Don't worry , you'll sleep well tonight .
How about at 6 pm ?
My name is B . How are you , Miss Kelly ?
That's where it is .
Then get an easier one , even if you earn less money . Which would you rather have , health or wealth ?
How would you like it ?
but you two used to do everything together . I thought you really enjoyed each other's company .
Let's decide what to order .
I haven ' t been under any more stress than usual .
I see , that's what I will order .
Oh OK , where do I get off ?
Is IKEA affordable ?
Thanks honey ! You have such great fashion sense . Now , what am I going to do with my hair ?
Do you believe that Mormons have all of it ?
There are many universities for you to choose from . Some famous universities such as Harvard , Yale , the University of Michigan , and Massachusetts Institute of Technology are really wonderful places to study , but they are very competitive and expensive . Some smaller universities or institutes are also very nice but much cheaper .
Was it ?
Not bad . It seems you are super yogurt lover . You have so many in your cart .
Art isn ' t for everyone . I ' m going to an exhibition tomorrow at the national gallery . It ' s an exhibition of greek and roman sculpture .
Sounds not good . I won't take it .
Ok , thanks ...
I wonder if you agree that money is not happiness .
Well , I wanna buy some new perfume .
How long a period will you look at to determine this ?
We ' ll give you your money back as long as the stereo is returned in the original packaging and with a receipt .
Is this your first semester ?
About 3 weeks .
Do you know all the controls in the car ?
Apple pie , please .
No , he doesn't . But his wife found out he has been too charming for a long time . Incredibly , he has many different girlfriends . Starting almost right after they married 20 years ago .
it is , but it's very rewarding .
Excuse me , I want to know what's your price per dozen for exercise books ?
Don ' t say that yet . A new project could suddenly appear .
They'll still charge us a corkage fee .
Yeah , I think so . Oh , by the way , I need to ask you something .
Oh great ! Does this mean that the reception is canceled ?
Air freight is the quickest and safest way , I think .
I need to talk to you about that new secretary you ' Ve hired . I think I ' m going to have some problems working with her .
It was in our bedroom .
I wouldn't do that .
I like playing chess .
You're kidding ! I can't believe you've been standing this entire time and didn't say anything .
May I take yor order now ?
I am so happy to know that I could make some contribution to our company .
Sure . Please take a look at the model of the building . Nice Garden has a total of two blocks which are labeled Block I and Block II . Block I has a total of thirty-eighth floors . The thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth are penthouses . There are four units in one floor . The sizes of the units are one thousand square feet and one thousand and five hundred square feet . The size with one thousand square feet has three bedrooms and the biggest size has four bedrooms .
Ok . On the top , Mr . Thomas , the managing director , is responsible for running the company .
Well , that'll teach you to control your temper .
I don't see any damage .
Log on to the website of American Embassy in Beijing and fill in the application forms .
Can You tell me how many you want to buy ?
I'm sorry , Sir . The maximum we can lend you on this type of loan is 20,000 RIB , with no exceptions .
Of course , I will . Well , it's time for me to say goodbye . The plane will take off soon . Hope some day you will come to America for a visit .
As the saying goes , work value work , play value play . All work and no play make a jucky-dull boy , you know .
Well , I'm not likely to get a rise and you haven't the money for a mink coat , so let's come down to earth and have another drink .
Let me see ... What's this , shrimp rolls ?
Figure skating . In my eye , nothing beats it .
I am sorry . Mr . Doff is out right now .
I was hoping to talk to you about the sales projections for next year . I ' m having a little trouble figuring out how to use the spreadsheet you set up for me . It has a lot of complicated form
Here's the dress you wanted to be made .
Every month I ' d only have to pay $ 725 .
Have you ever been to Britain ?
Yes , you are right . I like the song in the movie , edelweiss , do you remember it ?
I thought you were my friend and would support me on this ! I just want to feel better about myself and feel more attractive .
I'm sorry you can't borrow a jacket and a tie .
But you're not to blame for them keeping him there .
It must be interesting to study English .
No , I don't . But I never went into a gay bar before .
You can't do that ! You can't charge me for a mistake that you made !
how was your education going on in Australia ?
Well , in a way yes . But I must say that even if I ' m not completely happy in my work I always give 110 % I would never shirk my responsibilities . I suppose sometimes I expect too much too soon .
Cool . Thanks . ( Jimmy brings May a glass of orange juice . )
Here you are , sir . I hope you enjoyed your dinner .
Yes . How are you , Anna ?
Do you ? Nice to meet you ! And here is the invoice and your change .
All right . How about this one ?
Hi , Mr . James , what's the rush ?
We often ignore the acknowledgments in our daily life , and consider them as disposable .
Hey ! I just bought one of those new Japanese cell phones ! It's loaded with extras .
You bet . I'm really excited .
You need to fix it .
She is still in a coma .
Their appointment is at eleven o'clock in the morning .
I feel so sorry that Nova has gone on her business trip .
No problem . How many are you thinking about ?
That's great .
Yes , this is Holiday Inn reservation .
Now you have been booked , Ms . Jones . The flight leaves at 16:45 , and your arrival in Sydney will be at 9:00 a . m . , local time . The flight number is NWA 476 .
The rent is $ 1050 each month .
Yes , Japan is good for farming . Rice is the main crop , but Japan is also an industrial center . Fishing is very important , too . Rice isn't grown in France , is it ?
I messed up .
Is it very cold in winter there ?
I'm afraid I'll be late .
Yeah , I go a lot too . I saw a bear and a lion on my last hike .
Have you got any selling experience at all ?
Oh , that's so nice of you ! Thank you very much .
He was a very easy teacher . Are you thinking of taking a class with him ?
Will you be getting another copy anytime soon ?
How long is this bus ride ?
I never get tired . I think this comes from practicing football .
No . But it is said the welfare in Canada is very good .
Now I know why I split up with Mike . We found we were simply not good for each other .
That's too bad . Well , where are you fishing ?
I'm almost positive that this is the right one .
Really ? You ' Ve helped me a lot . Thank you .
Just walk for a few minutes , you'll find it .
No . But it will be soon . Look , there are two empty seats over there . Let ' s get them before somebody else does .
I pressed the emergency button ! And then I stayed in the elevator waiting for the rescue .
Hoo , I'm getting tired , Jeanine , been a long day .
That's all right . Make sure to look closely next time .
Well , it looks very nice .
It's not the cleaner's responsibility to pick up after lazy people . It's part of your responsibility to make sure that the place is neat for other people . If everyone thought like you , there'd be garbage everywhere ! The cleaners can't be everywhere !
Medium , I think .
With tomorrow being Labor Day and all , I think it would be a nice gesture to let all the members of laboring staff leave work an hour early . What do you say ?
Thanks . Things are going to be different now .
There is house phone only . But you can ask the operator for city calls .
Search on the Internet then , see if we can find something more about it .
812 .
She suffers from cancer .
This place is great . I'm surprised there are so many things here .
Sure . Bring enough films , please .
Hi , Jim ! When did you get back ?
Yes and shall we go fifty-fifty for the wine ?
Open the door . It's me . I can't find the key .
Thank you . And goodbye .
Decent dressing and appearance , which contribute to a good first impression of the interviewer , are surely quite important .
Is Dan in ?
But there're some mare's tails .
It's a kind of investment . If I choose a good stock and hold it long enough , I can get good returns .
You mean you can read and write both of them ?
Really ? Are you still playing ?
Great ! Is a trainer available ?
I was stuck between 15th and 16th floors in the elevator .
Because I ' m not Christian , I ' m Jewish .
She is a teacher in a highschool , She teaches Chinese .
Hey , Taxi . Over here !
But if the company asks , what else can we do ?
Yes , your computer can be easily infected by virus if you do that .
I don't understand . You don't even know the ' friends ' you are ' talking ' to !
yes , but I have a few questions for you .
This is the property manager . What seems to be the problem ?
What's your problem then ?
You mean a murder cycle ? Did you know more cyclists die in accidents than motorists ?
that's true . Just hope Wendy can recover from the pain of divorce soon .
How nice seeing the sun back again ! The air is so fresh .
You should have kept trying .
Look , next time get yourself some comfy shoes . You ' re gonna come back again with me , aren ' t you ?
Thanks ! We'll sit out there then . We will just order our drinks out there .
It sounds all right to me , but I will have to think about it . I'll give you a definite answer tomorrow . If I choose Seattle , will it be possible for you to ship the goods by the end of March ?
Well , I can say that the new models will be here in August . If you order one now , we will have it for you in August .
Actually , a friend of a friend .
Yes , we have . What kind of room would you like ?
Yes , I promise . Your document won't be broken or lost . All the items are handled by special staff and carried by a courier . It is reliable .
What is the material of this dress ?
Schedule an appointment with a counselor and you can get more information . Would that work for you ?
Oh , so it was my fault , was it ? If I hadn't warned you in time it would have been much worse .
We are taking IB 385 to London tomorrow at 1 p . m .
Do you have reservations with us ?
How do you feel about it ?
But you know , the price of this article has soared up since last year .
In my country , many people enjoy golf , but it is too expensive for some people . A few people like extreme sports , but I think the vast majority of people are afraid to try them .
How can you get that done ?
Really ? Do you like it ?
how do you usually get to school ?
Our most popular drinks are our Cuervo Gold margaritas .
How many parking tickets have you gotten before ?
Here's to you , Mary !
Then can you wait a few minutes ? I want to finish writing this letter .
Certainly , madam . I'll be back right away . Do you mind if I move your things ?
Are you a full-time student or do you attend part-time in the evenings ?
I hope so . Did you know the US successfully sent two robotic explorers to Mars last month ?
In a fast-food restaurant .
Then I came back here . I worked for about three years to get some experience .
On Wednesday , you are going to London . Don't forget your train leaves at 9 . 30 am .
Er ... How about this one ?
His sister had a car accident last week .
Dammit ! I asked for sunny side up ! How many times do I have to tell you .
Let's do both ! Are we in a rush or anything
Sorry , I don't .
Do you like watching the Winter Olympic Games ?
Everything's going very well . The first phase of the project was finished three days ahead of schedule . We're on target to complete phase two by the beginning of week 40 .
No , madam . Not very much .
I will bring them to your room tomorrow afternoon .
I don't mind at all .
In the suburb . How are you and Carol ? Still living in town ?
Thanks for inviting me to work out with you , Joan .
Ha-ha , so you believe in astrology ?
You don't look too well . What's going on ?
You didn ' t hear ? Spain won , two to zero .
Actually , it'll save you money .
Take the next right . Drive about one click further , and you ' ll see the entrance of the highway to the Great Wall .
I can't wash at home because my machine is broken .
20 percent is the best discount I can offer . That will came to 72yuan .
Look at this one sir , eight thousand dollars were spent in one night at a place called " Wild Things " ? !
I'm not hungry , Mom .
Cheers .
What style of swimming do you like best ?
They showed flowers that only provide their nectar to one type of butterfly or bee . The insect has to be the exact size to get the nectar . Other insects cannot get it . Of course , when the insect collects the nectar , it also takes some pollen from one flower to another .
My mattress was supposed to be delivered today .
Unfortunately , this is what I have to do .
Yes , does the renting include utilities ?
You must show that you were available and that you looked for work .
Well , I ' m favor of the Red Sox . They ' Ve had a good season .
What kind of document is an invoice ?
I can eat my bacon and eggs while you are exchanging my pancakes for waffles .
We have some quality-control problems . Mr . Zhang . We need to go to the source to work them out .
How far is this address from here , please ?
Oh , then it's my honor to be here with you . I can see now why you've been so curious about the bar . You like this place ?
I would like to have a new suit made . something in a dark blue wool .
Shall we go out tomorrow then ?
Do you have a New Year's resolution ?
You used to do this by yourself ?
Time sure flies , doesn't it ?
Anything else I can do for you , sir ?
That's amazing , it even shows all the roads that are congested at the moment .
Well , sounds promising . But I think our company will provide us with the language training courses if it is necessary . We need not bother signing for the language by ourselves .
So uncle Bill's wife is Jane's mother but not Sarah's mother . Right ?
A private vehicle ? No , thanks , I won't need one .
cool down , Harry ! What are you really mad about ? Did you get ripped off ?
No , they are from other factories .
OK . After three days , I will come to you for it .
Here's your laundry ticket , sir .
I don ' t think so . I think cats are sweet .
So I don't think you'll have a problem finding another girlfriend . There are plenty of fish in the sea !
They're also way younger than us .
I was not aware of that .
If you stayed up much later , you would see that just about every-thing closes around ten anyway .
Neither do I . Let's stay in a cabin . It ' ll be much nicer right beside the ocean .
That's not like you to generalize .
Tell us how .
She is so pretty sick .
Correct .
I will miss you .
The Bible says that Jesus Christ was resurrected three days after he was crucified . People commemorate that at a festival called Easter .
Is that all ?
Good . Can I walk through this building ?
Did you see that ? He traveled and the ref didn ' t call it !
Frank London . Any chance of a table by the window ?
Yes . He ' s in hospital with a bad back . One morning , he just couldn ' t get out of bed . His wife called an ambulance and they took him to hospital . He ' s been there for a few days now .
Hi , Tim , any news about your job interview ?
old homes are great because they've got character . I think that's important .
Have you had the flu lately ?
Yes , we are . What position are you looking for ?
Really ? What's that ?
Do you think that climate change is responsible for the recent floods ?
Jack , I don't know how to write my resume . Could you tell me about that ?
What's up , how are you ?
Don't be addicted to the game . It's not good for your job .
By the way , where is the men's room ?
Is that your cousin in the back ?
What do you want ?
Hey there ! I ' Ve been hoping to run into you . Are you busy tomorrow morning ?
I knew , but I couldn't myself .
Maybe I won't like the taste .
I think that we should send one of our HR people to do that . I don ' t think we should use an agency , because they won ' t be familiar with the type of people we employ . Have we decide on the location of the branch office ?
Walking isn't a problem for me .
Don't worry about such problems . We can deal with them for you . Other questions ?
About 158cm . He likes to wear loose-fitting sweaters .
It's just we've been planning to go the beach for a while , and we decided we could both make it this weekend . Then out of nowhere she called me up , said her boyfriend had made plans and that she need to cancel the trip . I was so angry when she told me that I said she didn't care about our friendship at all .
Do you already have an account with us ?
Here is your change , please .
15,000 yuan , including water , but not electricity and gas .
See anything else we need there ?
Sure ! What kind of food would you like ?
That's right , there's ' revocable ' and ' irrevocable ' . We usually go for the irrevocable one , it's the most popular .
It's the mailman , Mother . Here's a letter from Uncle George .
Then you have to give me 15 dollars for the deposit . The library card is free .
I'd like to say goodbye to you .
Well , let me check . We delivered four bags to room 1106 , you friend's room about an hour ago .
Foreign Currency Deposits Counter , yes . What can I do for you ?
hello , this is the International Student Office . My name is Leah . How may I help you ?
oh , maybe I can take the bus or even rent a car .
I don ' t feel so good . I am feeling sick to my stomach .
I've come to say goodbye .
No , it's enough .
Our dinner is ready .
Daniel , you can't spit the gum everywhere .
I like the jeans , but you need something to go with the top . It ' s too plain on its own .
I guess the spirit of it is what really makes any tradition fun .
Is that so ?
Give me a break . It's not funny .
Me too , Todd ! Thanks for suggesting that great movie .
Superintendent .
Nanometer is a length scale . It's one billionth of a meter , roughly ten times the size of an individual atom .
You can try a low-impact workout schedule . Why don't you go to a gym ?
Have you got the ticket ?
How many undergraduates are hired here each year ?
I need change for the machines ?
I need help with something .
Oh , that's 39 dollars and 95 cents . It's on the sale at the moment .
OK , loser buys pizza tomorrow night .
Ok Chloe , can you please breathe in and out slowly for me while I listen to your chest ? You really are all bunged up , you don ' t sound too good at all . Ok , I ' m going to set you up with a bunch of antibiotics . You will need to take these orange pills twice a day and these blue pills every evening . You will also have to take this cough medicine three times a day after meals . Finally , I am giving you an inhaler to use every time you feel breathless . . . just to clear up your lungs !
We're using worms .
What kind of documents did you need to present ?
Hi , Dad . Where are you ?
I quit work whenever I get finished , usually about six o'clock .
I want to mail this package .
Oh , the clothes here are so expensive ! No wonder there are few people .
Don't you remember ? Today is March 8th . It's Women's Day .
Just this ?
I like spring best . It is neither too cold nor too hot . Freezing days make me lazy and stuffy days make me lazier . How about you ?
Yes , I just wondered why the price between the ninth and tenth floor is so different .
Oh I didn ' t know you were married .
No . Just want to relax a little bit . You don't have to win the lottery to relax , do you ?
I'm calling about you appointment . Mr . Smith has to cancel all his appointments because he's got something urgent to attend to .
Don't worry . I'll call out the stops .
Then I will simply have to invite all the Robinson ' s over for dinner on Thursday .
Yes , he ' s too old to believe in that type of things . And I ' d rather tell him before the kids at school do .
Sometime this morning .
I guess America is finally maturing .
Indeed , we got married too soon .
You know me ; I'm always studying !
It's my wife's birthday . I need to buy some flowers for her .
I think we have everything in the contract . Shall we sign it ?
It's on the third floor .
What do you have for breakfast ?
Well , brown .
Do you like miniskirt ? It's popular among young girls . The pleated skirt also sells well .
I'll double check the announcement .
Yeah , I ' m trying to decorate my house .
Ok . Thank you .
Get in .
Thank you , This is mine .
So how do you develop good relationships in the office ?
I will call you when a computer is free .
I envy them the sun .
Just come to our house and stay over . You'll sit by his bed and greet him like a beautiful red rose , ' Good morning ! '
I ' m going to Hainan .
It seems this is the only proposal for me to accept . I ' ll come again tomorrow to discuss it in detail .
I see . When did it start ?
That will probably be Ok .
It ' s great .
Yes , we give 5 % discount for a week and 12 % for 2 weeks .
I see . You are leaving for Berlin on July 23rd with Mr . Smith , right ?
Really ? I don't believe I would met him , is he here now ?
I know how it is . Moving is very troublesome .
A young French fellow recalled his first bungee experience and said , When I fastened the cord and walked to the platform , I was extremely nervous . When I looked down , I was nervous even more . If the cord had broken , I would be knocked to bake meat . However , I knew my worries were unwanted . I was afraid if I retreated others might say something about me . I had to harden my heart and impose my head downward . I only felt wind wiring at my ears . My body rapidly descended . I thought that after only seven or eight seconds I was rebounded to upper air by the cord . In fact it was 30 seconds . Maybe because of my nervousness , I only felt seven or eight seconds . When rebounding to the high altitude , I felt a sudden sense of relief . I did not feel nervous very much , but very comfortable .
I ' ll tell you all you need to know .
Well , what kind of books does she like ?
I see why it lags behind other towns .
Have you finished that report yet ?
Good morning ! Welcome to our office !
I hope you like it . Oh , have the other guys arrived ?
Yeah , right . But what did you put on your face last night ? Those little greenish things .
Do you know how to set up the timer ?
Hi , I want to see the Terra Cotta Warriors in Xi'an . Could you please remind me when we are arriving at that stop ?
I've no idea . I'd like to listen to your suggestion .
Black is not my favorite colour .
I'm tired of your cut-and-dried opinions . Who do you think you are !
Mainly seascapes .
Which do you prefer , sour peppery soup or four-jewel soup ?
Of course . We would be happy to cash it for you .
Yes , but the robber broke in . Then , when he left , he left through the door . So it wasn't locked .
That ' s impossible .
He does . He ' s good at this genre too . It ' s a captivating read .
Good , about the essential living conditions ?
I didn't even think about that .
Will you be riding a motorcycle or do you drive a car ?
This is my first , I only met jane last week . she and I teach at the same school .
Waiter , get me rag , please . I have just spilled my wine .
Yes . Right over here .
What movie are you going to see ?
Well , I didn ' t want to pay more than $ 520 a month .
Order !
That would be great ! Actually , can I get your phone number , Ella ? That ' s assuming you don ' t mind if I call you sometime .
Yes . It ' s on this street . Keep walking for two blocks and it ' s on the corner on the right .
That shouldn't be a problem . What is the exact address , again ?
Oh , this one looks really good . And look at the garden . So beautiful .
I wish that I could get the opportunity to be interviewed .
The sea water treatments are supposed to be really good for you .
Really ? What time and which restaurant ?
I'm afraid there aren't any left at the moment . Gan you wait just a little while ?
How is he ?
I'm waiting . Your early offer will be highly appreciated .
Haven't run into you for ages !
OK . Wait a second , please .
Do you mind if I sit here ?
Well , what is your trouble ?
Yes , it's an amazing drop .
Excuse me . Do you mind if I ask some things about work for this company ?
I ' m depositing a check .
I know what you are talking about . The performance evaluation process starts from the day we're hired . There is no surprise during the actual review .
But for what reasons ? She doesn't even know who I am .
I think you just need to get more sleep .
That's another one thousand six hundred ?
Yes , if you could . I mean , if you could read it to make sure there are no mistakes . Or maybe you'd have some suggestions .
There's a typhoon coming .
Yes , he sure does . In fact , he wants to become a movie producer himself . He wants to study film at the university .
In a word , gambling is a vice . We should be away from it .
What's your favorite sport ?
You are Miss Liu ?
Just as you advertised in the newspaper .
Excuse me . What should I wear if I want to go to an interview ?
Morning Sally ! What's up ? you seem many hurry !
I feel itchy ! I can ' t stand it anymore ! I think I may be coming down with something . I feel lightheaded and weak .
I just wouldn't be comfortable .
I am really sorry for that .
Well , it ' s necessary for you to see a doctor .
Good morning . What can I do for you , sir ?
However , the quality of our exercise books is better than others . I can assure you that our price is the most favorable . A trial will convince you of my words .
no , I don't have anything to declare .
Well , you can give her a set of pearl earrings , or this beautiful heart-shaped pendant . What is her favorite gemstone ?
Well , we were talking and catching up on what we ' Ve been doing , talking about work and family , when all of a sudden , Matt saw a mouse run under his chair and he completely lost it ! He started freaking out , and screaming ...
What did you take as your major in college ?
Forget it , there is no use crying over the spilled milk .
True , I hardly ever see you without your hair done and your makeup on , even when you show up to class in sweatpants . Tell me , how long does it take you to choose that outfit in the morning ?
They asked me to go to Paris to check on the new office that was just established there . And you ?
Have all the operators been trained on it ?
you can say that again , Jerry . And I'm sure you're high in both of them . With a little more time cracking the books , you can also get high marks .
Not at all , guys also get facials , manicures and pedicures . There is nothing wrong with looking after your skin and looking good .
Don't you think it ' s a bit bright ?
Unbutton your shirt , please .
Do you know that is a hard job ?
Do I owe you for the sauce , pepper and napkins ?
Maybe I'm getting a cold .
I don't know about you , but I am famished . Are you interested in getting a bite to eat ?
It ' s going to be $ 5 .
I've prepared some L / C documents , all in accordance with the conditions . There shouldn't be any problems ; I've done about a million of these things recently .
You may have known that we have competitors from South Korea and other countries . At the beginning of our campaign , there is sales resistance to overcome , we must send out salesmen to have the market investigation and spend a considerable amount of money on advertising in newspaper and TV programs . A 20 % commission will not leave us much .
No , they have a big new fancy house .
Well , in that case , the schools in this area are very good .
Look at this headline , Soo Mi .
What does the notice say ?
When I told David I was coming here to live , he give me your number , and suggest that I give your a ring . I was wondering if you could give me some advices .
French toast sounds good . What are you going to order ?
You mean it is a still virtual game . Your friends steal your vegetables time and time again , and you take theirs as well , right ?
Ok - let ' s do that then !
If you think so , we'll shorten the legs a bit . It'll take about twenty minutes .
Okay , now you really have to fill me in . What ' s he like ?
Walking under the sun is certainly not the way .
I want you to cut my hair shorter .
No , it looks great . Why are you always like this when you're shopping ? You know it looks good .
I usually make a few salads for lunch throughout the week and I make dinner about 6 times a week .
I don't have a warrant .
Thank you . Can I pick up my ticket when I check in ?
My name is Sue . How do you do , Mr . Black ?
The price quoted is for CIF .
One yuan fifty cents . Drop it in the box here .
Of course . How about these postcards ? They are specially designed for Christmas .
We'll see .
Great ! I like that suggestion , but what if I need to print something there ?
Try to be more careful in future .
Eight .
But it would only be adding to the existing structure . We're not talking about anything new here ...
Sometimes , it ' s hard to know who belongs in each section of the museum !
Maybe , there was a subway accident .
Oh , I like it very much . How much does it cost ?
See you , Frank .
His wife always complained that Kevin's salary was too low and got no promotion .
How are you going to catch up ?
They always use the standard and method laid down in the contract .
Thank for your help . I owe you .
Yes , they are our main export bases of tools with the advantage of having good production experience and long historical record . All their products enjoy high prestige in the world market .
Well , that's only $ 4000 . Didn't you tell me your budget was $ 5000 ? Where is the rest of the money ?
Well . Cantonese food is rather light , Beijing food is heavy , and Sichuan food is usually hot and spicy .
Yes , I'd like to send this book to France .
That's good . Not Evey company provides employees with training opportunity . It seems that your company wants to further develop their employees and encouragelifelong learning .
Well , actually I failed to meet a deadline last week and I forgot to answer an e-mail for a VIP customer yesterday .
Egg tarts .
No , thanks . That will be all .
Is it due to old age or is he sick .
Yes , I'm looking forward to that ! I just hope my first performance review is favorable .
Good answer , B - good answer ! Seriously , though , are you interested in staying in a staff-level position , or would you hope to move into management someday ?
Of course . Here you are .
I set up the Personal Wealth Management Service with you , but I'm going to be travelling overseas . I'm not quite sure what I should do . I mean is it possible to still use the service ?
That's nice . Do you know you can get one at the wholesale market near the zoo for a much lower price ?
Sure , Please wait a moment .
Hey , Sandy . Do you want to go to the ETV with us ?
Could you weigh these , please ?
I certainly can't afford it , but I'm sure I could find some good student loans .
I had meetings back to back all morning . Then the printer broke in the middle of putting together the Six Soap presentation , and the phone rang off the hook from the minute I walked into the office .
Ok , see you after school ...
Yes , it is . But I'm afraid we haven't met before .
I'm sorry to hear that . This room is at the end of the corridor . It's possible that the noise is heard early in the morning when everything is quiet .
Can you introduce its price level to me ?
About three years .
No , thanks . You've done a lot for us . Thank you for everything .
Well , along with Jurassic Park ! Nice going , you got the right answer .
Hi , Janice . Our first weekend after being employed is coming . Show me your plan .
Good idea . We can buy some candy and nuts for children .
I attend both day and evening classes .
Thank you very much . Is the back gate open now ?
Now you know .
Nice to meet you . I'm Wen , and this is Nikki .
What will I earn per year in this job ?
Thanks . See you later .
He has a fever .
Is this our bus stop ?
Live chicken ? Thanks , but no thanks . So ... tell me about bargaining . How can I do it like a local ?
How about drink , Sir ?
You know , I saw that and it looks pretty good !
Come on in . Make yourself at home .
I especially like this flowery skirts . My fiancee will look very elegant in this .
It ' s dangerous . I don ' t dare to go .
It's a pleasure . Come on . I'm on your side .
I will miss you . But anyway I wish you every success at your new post .
With a Type B Account , it cannot be directly involved in any transaction and it cannot be applied to any external withdrawal service .
I'm sure they have their suspicions ; there were only a few of the senior level layers who were privy to the case details .
Yeah , the food there is very healthy .
What's the weather like in your hometown ?
You're not going to cook ?
OK . I will talk to him direcly .
What qualities do you think a business manager should possess ?
I graduated and I'am working towards my next degree .
Could you tell me your education background ?
Liz , do you have a minute ?
But I have to go to my homeroom .
Therefore , I hope they could help each other and learn from each other .
It's my pleasure !
What's in the bag ? Would you mind opening the bag ?
Yes , I will .
Ms . : That's right .
I like basketball . I really enjoy watching the NBA games on TV .
The collar ? It is just the collar that is popular with young people in Shanghai .
I ' m glad you ' re enjoying it .
Can your dog do any tricks ?
the train ? Will I be flying back then ?
But people keep talking about the benefits from the plan .
But the private school amount to better schools .
No , but I do like snowboarding .
I ' ll have to get a couple in different colors .
Well , I ... I guess the weather . And the people . They were all very friendly to me .
Do you know what size he wears ?
Hold on a minute please . I ' ll have my assistant check that part .
How about the electrician program that they have listed over there ?
Did it get any better ?
that's kind of boring . Don't you want to tell them anything else ?
Did it spill on your clothes ?
Well control is really using common sense when you plan your eating habits .
Certainly , Sir . I'd be happy to . The Personal Pledge Loan is a loan secured by undue certificates , Time Deposits , for example , or Visible Treasury Bonds .
This is awkward , I know . I know you're upset . But in two weeks you'll be thanking me .
I didn't realize that I have to buy something from them every six months .
Oh , believe it or not , I came across an article the other day , saying that pizza is a healthy food .
Where have you been on this trip ?
Well . I am really tired from packing all of the stuff all day . And it's about time to clock out .
Yes , I am . I enjoyed studying it at school , though I had trouble remembering all the dates , so my teacher never gave me good marks .
Yeah , it costed a bundle alright .
People joke about the benefits of the increase in temperature , but it's not all good news . They've been experiencing a lot of deadly storms there as well .
I hate balloons .
Did you like the tour of Universal Studios ?
No thanks . We just need our check . Have you seen the waitress ?
What was your call about ?
Well , he's young , tall and thin .
I love you .
Personally . I think that people believe they will be healed and that faith causes a change in their mind that cures them . I don ' t think place is magical in any way .
My birthplace is Yentai .
What kind of intermediary is it ?
I ' m sorry registration has closed .
Yeah , that's right , around five nine five ten .
I ' ll tell Peter to bring your key to your apartment right away .
Thank you for your caring . I will .
How are the clubs different in Japan than in London ?
Good luck ! I ' Ve heard it ' s very difficult to get a visa to go to the united states .
Try the lipstick as well . See , how fresh and charming you look .
Is Water Shrinking Festival official ?
The company regulates that men should wear a suit and tie in business meeting . Company policy is not negotiable .
Someone at the pharmacy called and told me it was ready .
What did he do ?
I am an engineer in a mechanized farm .
Yeah , I've been looking forward to it for ages .
The teacher asked me to make a speech in English class and I wasn't prepared . He punished me by making me stand in front of the whole class . It was so embarrassing .
Melissa ? I ' d like to invite you to my wife ' s birthday party .
Oh no , I won't . But we will have an accident if you don't stop shouting .
That's absurd .
OK . We look forward to seeing you . Goodbye .
Green beans . They pop and turn brown when you roast them .
No , kid . This is the gynecology department .
I'm afraid not , sir . I've made up my mind . It's something I have to do .
I bet he is . He domed his own life .
Hello . Is this Ann ?
I got it from an encyclopedia .
I ' ll sign for dinner and charge it to our room . Let ' s see . The bill is one hundred dollars . That seems reasonable . How much tip should I leave ?
well , I nearly always get up at dawn . I don ' t like sleeping in late . The days are longer in summer that in winter , so I get up in summer . I usually do some exercise when I get up .
That's too much !
My grandmother needs me to help her trim her roses that day .
Sure , what can I do for you ?
You can see it tomorrow .
But I always wanted to try it .
Well , this is my new baby . He ' s just as much trouble . That ' s for sure ! But , he ' s a lot of fun !
Sure . Since we work together in teams , we have to get along with each other .
How about your new co-workers ?
Why ? Did tom pop the question ?
Frank ' s getting married , do you believe this ?
Since you're Chinese , maybe you can find part-time work in Chinatown .
Well , my car won't start . I don't know what's the matter with it .
The rate is still high for other foreign currencies . The exchange rate for Hong Kong dollars into Renminbi is 1 . 053 Renminbi yuan to one dollar .
Well . How do you know ?
No , I don't like museums . They ' re boring .
I see . What kind of backgrounds does the staff have ?
Yes , you get to choose . I would spend a little more to get a really thorough inspection .
When you get the signed add slip , you must take it to the Admissions and Records Office or you will not be added . Can you find the office ?
The code is 880 , the area code is 010 , and the local number is 8824578 4
So Baltimore is winning ?
Yes . I'd like to choose a sweater for my son .
How could he have such an ill intention ? I think your father can see that through .
I feel he's like a talking machine .
As a trial order , I'll take 5,000 dozen this time .
When everything is over .
Thanks . I just got back from summer camp .
Please show me the menu , Miss .
Yes , please give me another Calsberg .
Yes . I have . I liked it very much . Like you , I was very impressed with Rachel ' s performance in the movie . She ' s going to be a star .
My doctor says I should cut back on sodium-rich foods to lower my blood pressure .
I plan to buy a car this year .
Why can't we ?
Why are you so calm ? Are you not surprised to hear this ?
The summer temperature usually often reaches about 20 or25 in my city . The rain falls mostly in the winter . And we often get snow .
I would continue to work in the company as long as the job suits me well .
Beijing International Airport . Would you please help me with my baggage ?
Day tour . How much does that cost ?
May I see your airplane ticket , passport and health certificate please ?
That ' s about all I can spare , Karen . What do you need ?
OK . Here is the money . And If I return the card , can I get the refund ?
Yes . Moreover , since the street is heavy with traffic this time of day . I'm not sure we can make it . By the way , are you pressed for the time ?
Yes , why don't you bring us a bottle of the house Chablis with four glasses to start with ?
congratulations ! Which one is the cheapest ?
Sir , did you enjoy your stay here ?
No no , I just changed my eating habits . I eat a balanced meal . and I eat less than before .
By airmail or seamail ?
No , I just want to meet you .
You'll remember to do it , but you won't have time to do it .
What is the orientation and view ?
I love her so much , you know . I want to be alone . Please keep quiet .
Let's go to queue up . There are so many people in the lines .
It's not expensive . OK . I'll take them .
There are hundreds and hundreds . English is particularly rich in idiomatic expressions .
I don't think that was suit me very well , blond is kind of erratic .
I didn't think you'd be interested .
Thank you , Mrs . Smith . I do hope the answer will be favorable . Goodbye .
Mom , it's orange ?
No . Wendy is being cremated . She always talked about how she didn ' t want to be buried . I already chose a cremation urn and we plan to spread the ashes in the ocean .
Did your boat float down the river ?
It sure is . He has no one to turn to , very miserable indeed .
What did you end up getting ?
You get off on Del Mar and Hill .
Because it's better , easier and cheaper to get them from the food we eat .
Well , my price range is a 5,000 dollars to 7,000 dollars , I'm looking for a marquise cut on the wide band .
Thanks for letting me know . I feel relieved now .
Is the soup a shrimp soup ?
Fine , I want to book one for overnight .
I feel so uncomfortable .
I was hoping you would come .
I feel like I'm craving a salad .
7
Flip it to channel 9 , will you , Janet ? There's a big basketball game on in a couple of minutes .
Yes , I'm now working in a company .
Well , when you tell him , be gentle . It ' s hard for kids to find out something like that .
Hey ! Are you getting dressed ?
All right . I think I'll take it .
I'm sorry to hear that .
Do you mean lying to people for their good ?
David , stop dreaming . It ' s time to do your homework .
Sorry , it ' s from the Godfather . It ' s when the , when the movie producer realizes Tom Higgins had emissary of Vito Corleone , it ' s just before the horse ' s head ends up in the bed with all the bloody sheets , you know , wakes up , and AAAL ! Never mind .
Hello , Mary . Nice day , isn't it ?
What kind of bag is it ?
Oh , yes , I know the one . How was the food ?
Good morning . What time is it now ?
OK , thank you , Doctor .
I'll remember to do that .
We can always go to the cafeteria and eat .
Do you mean that it is a trend for men to trim their eyebrows ?
Yeah . I lost money investing in the Internet , too .
Um , sure . What are we having for dinner ? Do I need to put out anything in particular ?
Ryan , this is Malia , and I need to call in sick today .
Women like that kind of thing , beautiful thoughts that are touching .
When does the flight depart ?
Hello , Bob . Can you give me an update of the situation ?
It ' s an Indian restaurant ! I know you have never had Indian food , so I thought you might want to try .
What else would you like ?
Maybe it is the most difficult period of my family have experienced .
Take a look inside .
Is's infuriating ! I have to be in Rome by five .
That's right . But feeling sorry for someone is one thing , and sticking to our principles is another . We must make a clear cut between them .
Of course you can . I am sure this one works very well . I just sent dozens of pages . How many pages are you sending ? Are you familiar with my fax machine ?
What would you want , coffee or tea ?
The world changes , the family changes too .
Oh I remember , I cut terrible calls , and you didn't say anything about it .
I want to offer you more invoking stock options .
Guess where we ended up .
Thank you . Have you received my resume ?
We have two direct flights . Would you like a morning one or an afternoon one ?
You look a bit dull today . What's up ?
You know . Tests like how jealous are you ? and are you a fashion victim ?
Mr . Black , if I'm not mistaken .
They should . This holiday is about remembering our war dead . But people these days think it's just a holiday for summer sales and cookouts !
Do you want to go to and empty classroom ?
You certainly had a busy day .
Of course , just remember that all of the needed information is on the card .
Here we are . That will be seven yuan and seventy cents .
What ' s the minimum amount I can deposit in an account ?
Well , I will try .
No , is there a single room left ?
Could you commend me some moisturizers ?
Well , Doctor , I . . .
Old Dyson looks as if he maybe kick the bucket any day .
that's fine . I'd like to be on the aisle anyway . It's easier to get in and out .
Do you think that you want to try this restaurant another time ?
OK , sir . I have added your name to the waiting list . We will call you as soon as possible .
We talked to our older brothers and sisters last night and got the scoop on what that job is all about .
Oh ? What happened ?
No , don't try to tend me . I'm becoming chubby , and I have to slender down .
Not just working experience . I would say the biggest lesson I learned is how to deal with people from all walks of life .
Great . Well , the main issue here , as you can see , is that our expenses are through the roof .
Yes . I'm looking for a position as a chef .
I ' Ve just parted with my boyfriend .
Good morning . I want to apply for a job in A your company as an assistant . Could you tell me the company address , please ?
We shouldn't have any trouble if the traffic isn't too heavy . Is this your first trip here ?
What's the building to the south of the library ?
Yes . Like stereos and televisions .
Yes , sir ?
I guess English has fewer characters .
it ' s not use worrying about it now . you ' Ve done test and you can ' t change any of your answers .
No , don't replace it . Give a refund .
So you ' re free on Saturday night ?
What kind of college is it ?
You got a letter in the mail .
I advise you to take an additional course in some Chinese schools .
And also this soup is cold .
It's brown .
Yes , sir . May I have your laundry ticket please ?
But you're also going to have to give some attention to trade restrictions . You can get much information about environment of investment .
Do you have any change ?
Do you want to rent a car ?
Is this the class to prepare for interviews ?
Wonderful . Thanks very much .
I have to go to work .
My daughter plans to quit her present job and wants to find another . She says she wants to get a better job with higher pay .
That will make your eyes seem bigger .
Yes !
Hi , I'm checking in . The last name is Rama .
Sure , I think I know the place .
What about this one ? It's the latest .
It may be part-time work as a waitress or something . It would be illegal , but sometimes waitresses make a good salary .
Good morning , Star Airline . What can I do for you ?
Oh , no . Rocky is a pilot .
25th Sep ? Oh , I have an appointment tonight .
No , it's the Japanese team .
How tall is she ?
That's too bad . They ' re such good company .
I am glad I did not drive a car .
Yes . Wang Bin .
Good afternoon , Mary . How's business ?
Stop producing cigarettes .
Thanks , Miss . I want you to see our new stock of brocade satin , a splendid line , just came in .
will you get a pay-raise , too ?
Good . I will have hot chocolate .
Do I have to wear ear muffs and gloves ? I am not used to working with them on .
What kinds of work were you in charge of in the previous company ?
Then what do I do with the cup ?
I know that , it's The English Patient . It was one of the only good American movies of the 90s .
Thank you for letting me add your class .
What's the problem , Nada ? You look down in the dumps .
It's a fruit a little smaller than a grapefruit . It has a big seed in it .
Yes , I think we might be free . What did you have in mind ?
Rockets vs Lakers . Yao Ming , my idol , will appear in front of several hundred million of the worldwide audience .
Well , they ' re not here . They are in the dustbin .
Would you like to make a donation ?
You mean ... like on a second date ?
He didn't make any effort . His aunt died and left him a fortune .
I did have an issue with someone who was getting on my nerves . I asked her if I could talk with her one day , and we had a good discussion . It turned out she was not aware of the impact of her actions and that she really needed an explanation of the procedure . I took the time to explain the procedures , and there haven't been any problems since that day .
I received a bachelor's degree .
Thank you . May I suggest you to trim your eyebrows ?
No , you have to pay it by yourself .
Well , then , how much do I owe you ?
But , but ... it was really an emergency ! And , my stub ...
What test do you do for high blood pressure ?
If you were assigned some work which you are not so interested , would you take it or not ?
But it's the style now .
That's because your country is more agricultural and has much less industry .
Hi , still in the office ? It ' s already 7 .
Come on ! You can go tomorrow , just skip it today . It's not as if you are gonna get in trouble !
I like the design of the coat .
Yes . That ' s why we have everything on computer files . We don ' t use much paper at our office . After lunch , I had to deal with a complaint form a client .
From April 16th to 20th . Just my wife and myself .
It is tough to accept it , I mean . But can you tell me why ?
Hi , Bill , this is my new car .
You know on a date , they are going to dinner .
Fine , honey . Rome couldn't be built with in one day .
Gross !
I want to change my job .
Julia , burglaries in our town have been on the wing .
Susan ? We ' re having a farewell party for John Anderson today .
thanks . Could you take one more from this angle ?
Well , Let's get down to business ( shall we ? ) Now is probably a good time to start our discussion , the main purpose of this meeting is to talk about the benefits and disadvantages of our new project .
Oh , it's such a pain . We'd better go to a store later .
you could try . It would save you a lot of money .
So I know . Thanks .
I'll pay by charge card then .
Well , don't do this again next time . What is it about , anyway ?
I'm worried sick that she will leave me tomorrow .
It ' s a very quiet neighbourhood . There ' s some traffic , but not much . It ' s not very difficult to get to the city centre , but you must remember to turn left and right at the right places or you ' ll get lost . So when are you going to drop by ?
I'm not sure . Medium , I suppose . Maybe a little on the heavy side .
How long has your tooth been bothering you ?
American men are naturally taller than Chinese men . So even if I exercise , there aren ' t many chances .
That's OK . I can get it from you later .
Do you like watching football matches ?
What sports do you like to play ?
Sure . In the middle part of the fifth street , there is a Phoenix Restaurant . Maybe you can go there .
Look , I want to succeed just as much as you do . Well , maybe not quite that much .
Not to put off till tomorrow what you can do today . I've found out that time and money get away very easily -- you think you have them , and they're gone ! Putting things off just makes it worse later , so even if it's hard at the time , I try to get things done that day and not let them go .
Well , live and learn . It seems we'll have to waive the claim .
Did you have something on your mind ? You look so concerned . Maybe I can help you .
A ham salad sandwich .
Good evening , I'm so happy you could come .
No , I don't think she's that strong-minded .
Thank you . I appreciate your help .
Sure it was .
I think 2,000 would be fine .
Thank you very much for your cooperation .
May I show you the gold ones ?
Seriously ? You mean to fire a real weapon ? I don ' t know man .
I want to go to Broadway and 82nd Street . Can I take any bus that comes along ?
I could help pay for it .
Yes , I work well under pressure and find it dimly . However , I believe planning and probable management of my time can reduce tight deadlines .
That ' s normal after a tense work evening . Working overtime is not always a pleasant experience for me either . Once , I worked overtime everyday for a whole week including the weekend . That really broke my rhythm and I got a little sick later .
Those are the headlines for today , and now for the international weather report with Mike Sanderson .
How much does a student pass cost ?
You'll be covered by our medical plan while on duty . Since you'll be middle management , you're expected to be available up to 1 . 5 hours past normal working hours . Any approved time over that will be paid at time and a half , which you can take as salary or time off .
Of course , here you are , sir .
Ok , thank you . By the way , could you please tell me how I can get there from A community ?
John Smith .
The park is so beautiful . It is a good thing I have taken the camera .
Bingo could never do that . He stays in the house except when we take him to the park .
Let me get the student bus pass .
You can buy them either ripe or unripe . Unripe ones are hard .
the heating controls don't work anymore , so it always feels like it's about 100 degrees in the car -- even in the summer !
Whatever ... Smell ! Perfume samples !
You'll just need roughly $ 10 for food and gas money . My friend is driving , so we usually all chip in a few dollars for gas money .
Then your salary must be high .
Are you having any luck with the worms ?
See ? It ' s going to be wonderful ! Oh this wedding is going to be everything I ever dreamed of .
Don't worry . I'm also sitting next to you .
We have no choice but to hold you responsible for the loss we sustained .
I'm looking for a leather belt for my husband .
Here . Look at this shirt . Try it on .
So , did I tell you about my New Year ' s resolution ? I ' Ve decided to go on a diet .
You can bring life photos , recommendation letters and certificates .
Oh . It was great . I love Ma Lin . He ' s my favourite table tennis player . Have you seen anything yet ?
I don't know yet . My wife's going to her mother's for a couple of weeks . She Livesay the sea , you know .
Good morning . I'd like to reserve some rooms for a tourist party .
Do you really think that global warming Wil destroy Earth some day ?
The internet doesn't come up at all ?
My name is Steven . May I ask whether I can have an interview ?
No , listen to me . I always regard you as my best friend . I admire you , and of course you've helped me so much . I should thank you .
Would you make gay marriage legal ?
There is no pepper here .
No , you don't have to . Here comes the train . Be careful ! Subway doors open and close automatically .
Days ?
you mean the boy you met on MSN ?
Who's that ?
That ' s a good idea . You ' Ve got a nasty bruise on your hand .
I brought some cheese to make cheeseburgers and some onions for the hot dogs . We ' ll need some tomato catchup and some barbecue sauce .
And second ... Well , I'm not sure if it's normal .
Good . You will feel better after you do .
Mumm . Those burgers smell great . It's perfect day for a barbecue .
Well . The management doesn't seem to think that way . Anyways , you have to think twice before you act .
Who's this Eric guy ?
Wonderful , I'll go with you .
How about we go and get something to drink ?
May I help you , sir ?
Tian'anmen Square .
Are all of my test results on that site ?
Then , do you have " tea time " every day ? I mean , do you drink tea at a settled time ?
I wonder which looks more lustrous .
anytime before 6 pm tonight .
Well , we all get Labour Day off as a holiday , the real purpose of the holiday is to remember all the people who do manual or other hard labor . It's to celebrate those who work doing what other people might not be willing to do . I think we ought to do something in honor of the common worker .
To be honest , I'm starting to wonder if it's worth it .
Admittedly , I don't . But I still beg you to give me an opportunity , and I'm willing to learn with my best effort .
You look a bit pale , don't you ?
it was fantastic , but I'm glad to be back ! Being a tourist is really tiring !
I ' m going as fast as I can !
Let me see . Your plane leaves from Gate 12 . You should go to Gate 12 to board your plane
Do you want to transfer money from that account ?
Good morning , sir . I am ready to check out now .
We plan to get together once a week .
Did you watch the Oscars on Sunday night ?
Does it have a lock ?
and check whether they accept credit cards .
I'm sorry to hear that . I'll have to examine you .
Okay , try this one . It's made of aluminum .
What are the good sights to see in Beijing ?
Yes , you may enjoy a seven-day holiday in the first year . After that , you can have two more days each year .
You're right , no problems . You are becoming quite the expert , Mr Lawson . If any problem does turn up , which I'm sure it won't , I'll give you a call .
OK . Commodity inspection is really an important part of our trade contract .
I've just been working really hard .
It gives you money ?
Sure , why not ? I think I want a chocolate chip cookie , too .
Morning , Mike .
What's your counter-offer then ?
I guess we'll see just around .
I see . I guess I should be more careful about what I read , especially on the Internet where you have no idea who anybody is .
that's a good idea .
What ? What did you buy ?
What are you doing , Janice ?
I like NBA very much .
Dude , don ' t equivocate . A theory only becomes a theory after withstanding rigorous testing . You slept through class , didn ' t you ?
What do you want to eat for breakfast ?
OK . Let me try it .
I know it is no good for my health if I am staying in the classroom all day . But how about my paper ?
Did you have a fight with Jack ?
Four in hundred , one in ten , please .
Where's the peeler ?
They have really good chow mein .
But where do I get a ticket ?
It's just near the Dong Si Shi Tiao subway stop .
I ' m looking for a job . Are you hiring ?
Uh-huh .
From July the seventh to the ninth .
How many in your party ?
Do friends of the bride always sit on one side of the church and friends of the groom on the other ?
Excuse me . Does this train go to Brooklyn ?
Good . I'll take it right now , if possible .
Sure , but I don ' t have hot water , yet .
Indeed . He's strict with himself too . We can see every lecture of his is well-prepared .
Would you like to come to our factory for a visit ?
OK . Have you signed the consent ?
Oh , my god ! My wallet is lost . What should I do ? It drives me bonkers .
You guys are working around the clock , I know . That guy Dave next to Zina never leaves .
The ship is going very fast .
I'm going to buy some vegetable and you cook .
Sir , I need to go back to get my jewelry box .
What kind of account do you want to open ?
Yes , I would , as long as it's good quality .
I know you have a tight schedule , so I won't take up more of your time . Have a good evening .
You also need to choose a gift for your father , right ?
Ye Ting , who are these people in the picture ?
Do you mind if I smoke here ?
Hi , Mark ! Hi , do you have a minute ?
Thank you for coming . We will have dinner outside . Eat up !
I need help figuring out how to use this phone .
I'm dead serious . Yesterday , before class starts , she walks up to Mr - Edward's desk and goes , ' Good morning , Jim . '
It's all good . I'll show you all the right moves . My name's Malik .
I think I know , because this happened before .
Then we'll put you in a cast .
Good idea . My wife has a fine ear for music . I am sure she would like it .
isn't there anything else ?
The aircraft is equipped with onboard phones . They do not interfere with the communication and navigation of the aircraft .
Bob , how about joining the boxing club this summer vacation ?
Then ...
Yeah man , I ' m starving !
I thought the movie about a serial killer who rapes and mutilates his victims would be a good choice .
as far as I know , insomnia is usually caused by stress . Are you stressed at all ?
I was worried about canceling the climbing .
I'll look up the rate . To look up doesn't mean to look high into the sky or to look at the roof . It means to search for and find some information .
Yes . Second , as you can imagine , attitude and friendliness go a long way .
Send an ambulance fast ! My husband is having a heart attack !
Some places aren't good to go . But I can show you the right bus to take . It will be no problem .
Yes , I have . I tried them when I visited your country last year . I thought they were very tasty . Can you cook them ?
Will you fill out this form , please ?
First , can I know something about your financial situations ?
My grades weren ' t good enough to go here .
Hello . What can we do for you ?
No problem . I have you appointment changed from tomorrow morning to tomorrow afternoon at one fifteen .
How nice these sunglasses are !
Science ? That's a surprise .
I'm sorry , but I don't know that name . You must have the wrong number .
I heard Nick found a job in a bank and his salary is said very high . I also want to work there .
Here are your keys . I ' ll send my sister to pick up the rest of my things next week . I ' m sorry , Tim . I wish you all the best , and I hope that one day we can meet again . I ' ll always love you . Goodbye .
That's too bad , anyway , I'm sure things will turn around next semester .
Oh ... I bet the firm is fuming . Do they know who spilled the beans ?
Wait a moment , please .
I ' m sorry , Jim .
Great ! Wait here ? You don ' t have enough room for the amplifiers , microphones or even your drums ! By the way where do you keep them or practice ?
Which gate ?
How long do you plan to stay here ?
It ' s plenty of time yet . The railway station is very close . It won ' t take your twenty minutes to get there .
I'm afraid this flight is all booked up .
The usual , you know , something about your background and experience and anything personal that you feel is pertinent .
Could you tell me the particulars ?
Yes , I played with Tony and John .
Why don't you join us to go out for a walk ?
Oh , here you are .
Do you know what class you want to take ?
Yeah ... hearts , stars and some weird looking things .
Do you believe in god ?
There are three , my parents and I .
He ' s going to be sent to Britain to study , really ?
no problem . Did you bring any gifts back for your department ?
Yes I do , usually .
I'll be please to if I can . What can I do for you ?
You need to wait a few minutes for the fries . They are still in the flyer .
Yes . The re-inspection should be made within seven days upon the arrival , and if any discrepancy is found , the claim must be raised within one month .
Thank you for understanding . I promise I'll make it up to you .
I was born in Beijing in 1965 .
Alright and what is your name , please ?
Some do , some don't . Many people in the North are fond of liquors . I think it has something to do with the climate .
Well , the books are in the box . What can I do now ?
Oh . Hi Matt . I went snowboarding yesterday and my whole body aches .
Bill Smith .
How much is a postcard ?
Do you like my carpet ? Be honest ! Tell me what you really think .
Would you like to order anything off the appetizer menu ?
Yes . Shall I get one for you ? Just push the button over there if you need anything .
A good idea . They can teach elephants to dance nowadays perhaps there's hope for us !
Surely . You can enjoy the beauty of numerous streams and waterfalls . The sea of clouds has a fairy tale beauty .
Good . That will help me know how I am doing .
He's after your own heart , it is important .
That wasn ' t my fault , but she said ' you're a disgrace ' to me . I'm about to explode !
What kind of food do you want to get ?
OK .
It's for a job . It looks perfect for you .
Oh , really ? Were you not caught ?
Hello . I want to reconfirm our flight to London .
Dose it cost anything to attend the public schools ? Are there any restrictions as to who may and may not attend ?
Is this your brother-in-law ?
25 . 00 dollars a week , but you can't have visitors .
My title was Project Manager . There were almost 100 people under my supervision .
Yeah , I did . But my fiancee has an important project .
Your inspector needs spectacles . The fact is that cockroaches are running rampant .
OK . But you have to promise me that you will study hard in your English class .
it can save you lots of time and effort to simply copy a successful business model .
What classes does she take ?
I'll finish soon .
I don't need to drink every weekend . I could be happy just staying home , you know .
Ouch !
I think most people treat animals well , but we are often cruel to animals . When we raise animals for food , the conditions they live in are often poor .
So you speak German , don't you ?
Thanks . Some tea would be nice . Chinese tea is great . I really like your tea set . Where did you get it ?
Never mind .
So , want me to book the tickets again ?
It ' s the anniversary of our weeding .
Are you OK ?
Should I do anything else ?
Summers are hot and usually lasts a long time . Winters are short , but cold , wet , and windy . I love the summers in my city , but I hate the wintertime .
Is that US dollars ?
Of course I have plenty of time . What's new ?
Very nice . I am sure we will sort out your Internet in no time .
that'd be great . what time should I meet you there ?
All of it is important ; please just do your best at all times .
Obviously , it depends on what I'm cooking , but I'd say it generally takes about one and a half hours .
Ideally , I ' d like to have a job that will allow me to work from home several days a week . I ' m the kind of person who can set priorities , work well independently , and set my own pace . I actually successfully worked from home for several months in my current job when a problematic pregnancy forced me to stay in bed . But I realize that many employers do not have experience with employees who work from home , and I have , of course , performed very successfully in a traditional office setting .
I read or go swimming , go shopping , usually . I run or play tennis or do something else like those to get some exercises to keep fit .
Why did you buy that painting ?
Well , you can pay by mail , telegraphic or SWIFT transfer . Or you can have a banker's draft and mail it yourself to the beneficiary .
Good morning . I ' m looking for a new jacket .
Yes . How much do you want ?
That's why many people died in the earthquake .
Oh , please do not mention it any more . Last night he did it for the first time .
OK , sir . Your suit will be available in five days .
You are in the pink recently . How do you make it ?
Shadow-boxing ? How interesting ! Do you think it really helpful for your health ?
No , I can ' t speak French . But I can speak Italian , not very well though .
Yeah . You look so unhappy recently . What ' s the matter .
Where should I sit ?
Oh , I ' m crazy about them .
Yes , it is . It's brilliant .
Don't worry , time is enough .
I'm pretty good .
yes , they were horrible . We had to wear green every day !
I am clear about your sweet tooth , so I made a mixed fruit dish for you .
Well , it's probably nothing serious . But I think we'd better have that shoulder X-rayed . We can't do the until the morning , though . So it'd be better if you stay in hospital for the night
Well , not everyone wants to drink beer . Make sure there are some soft drinks and juice . Nothing's as refreshing as iced drinks on a hot day .
Well , you might be the person we ' Ve been looking for . Do you have any questions ?
I haven't got enough evidence for prosecuting him .
May I interrupt you for a moment ?
OK . Do I turn on the lights or do I go straight ?
I usually do housework in mornings . I go shopping occasionally . I like to do all my shopping in one bag trip to the supermarket . I always drive to the big supermarket in the city center . It takes about 20 minutes to drive there .
I hear that you are in love with Mike .
I think that the changing climate is a sign that we are causing too much damage to the environment .
I have been attending an evening course in English writing for 2 years and I often read novels , magazines and newspapers in English .
I want to go to china for sight-seeing . What do you think of it , Mum ?
Excuse me . Have you forgotten our drinks ?
Show us our itineraries , please .
I will go trade those pancakes for waffles right now .
No . I would rather just return it .
Good afternoon , sir , is there anything I can do for you ?
That's tough . What does your wife think about this ?
Have a nice flight back , and take care . Thanks for your call .
All right . I agree with you . But where do we hold arbitration ?
Sure . Wait a moment .
Can I ?
I don't think the meet will go on much longer , should I ask him to call you when he is free .
Yeah but , how did this holiday come to be ?
Very badly , doctor .
Is dinner served ?
Imagine a chef chopping vegetables on fast forward . Picture a man making a stir-fry , tossing the mixture up in the air , and then catching it , every last bit , in his work . And his culinary motto is ' Enjoy the moment . ' If you want to know hey theycook , visit www . StudioClassroom . com . tw for the recipe .
You will raise your arms up shoulder high .
I ' m so happy that he did .
I need to cancel that . We have had a last minute change of plans .
In that case , please put my name in your waiting list . We know you are quite a good restaurant .
Oh , that's not everything . You're free on Friday and then on Saturday you're catching the 9 o'clock plane back to Guangzhou .
Would you describe yourself as being a heavy smoker ?
What ' s wrong ? Didn ' t you think it was fun ? !
Oh , I like it . It's such a beautiful dance , but I can't do it well . What about you ?
Well , I have a lot of experience in this area . I have all the qualifications you need . I enjoy working with people . In my current job , I ' m in charge of a team of eight people .
Oh , dear !
Are you sure ? He is quite young , isn't he ?
No problem . Go ahead , please .
Yes , sir . What can I do for you ?
Stop , stop ... We are talking about our son's attendance for classes and his study . Maybe we could give him a little bit money to pay to go to school .
Well , he has already taken you know , that's his wife right there .
Well , I strongly suggest you going to London . It's really charming .
Thank you , they are beautiful .
What time are you leaving ?
Why should he do that ? It isn't illegal for us to go in .
All right . Thanks a lot .
You ' re almost 70 years old , Mom ! Don ' t you think it would be better for you if you moved in with us ?
Yes . I hope it will remain fine all the way .
Actually , Costa Rica isn't in South America . It's in Central America .
I think that's a great idea . Men look great with that kind of bag . Where can we buy one ?
What would you prefer ? Red wine or white ?
( A few minutes later . ) Should I get off at the next stop ?
How was it ?
We supply washers of all types and sizes . We have years of experience in the manufacture of washers .
Oh , I see .
Yes . What about you ?
It would be good for both if they lived separately . My parents want to live apart from us .
I love it ! I used to always want to drive a green jaguar . Is it in good condition ?
I plan to emigrate to Canada .
Where are you from , Sam ?
Yes , I'd like to buy a new computer , but I don't really know much about them . Can you give me any suggestions ?
No , you idiot . I mean the poet , Arthur Rimbaud - R , I , M , B , A , U , D .
This is amazing . I'm glad we decided to take this bus tour . So where next ?
What about the surrounding area ?
No problem . Say ' cheese ' . That's good . Please wait a moment .
That's wonderful .
Is it a through one ?
Yes , I am going to meet a client .
Where is Tom ? It was his idea to have the bachelor party at a ETV , wasn't it ?
They arrested me for nothing .
If you're a registered guest , you have free access to our swim stations .
I don't know . My life is a big mess . Everything is so complicated .
Sure , anytime .
Really ? Let ' s hit the road .
Can I help you find something ?
Well , being able to go to the conference sounds like such a great opportunity . Have you applied at the embassy for a visa yet ?
Here you go . Is that it ?
Will this be cash or charge ?
I'm going to be on time today .
Yes , they are different ! But it's too professional . What I need is just being able to tell the real from the fake . Do you know any method we can use to tell a fake ancient coin ?
Oh , did they ? Well , would you give us an extra key to the room ?
Then you must go to the airport .
No , they got engaged .
I see . How much exactly ?
Well , they don ' t want to deal with people who look like that . They want people who look more like yourself .
Oh , that's too bad . Should I call a doctor ?
I can ' t see anything out of the side mirror on your side of the car . Could you move it forward a bit , please ?
So the time for the total journey is about ... ?
I don't think so . I get so nervous talking to girls . I always put my foot in my mouth , scare her off , and end up looking like a real fool . Besides , she is way out of my league .
Ok . Which facial would you like ? We have five different kinds of facials .
Thank you . My wife would be very happy to hear this .
I was turned down again . It ' s frustrating . I guess you ' Ve got to teach me some skills .
No problem . Let me have one .
Please fill out this form , and what's in your package ?
Yes , but there is nothing inside the drawers or on the desk .
Let ' s go check out the bedroom and bathroom .
Yes , I have too much work to do at the moment .
Yes . I am calling to make sure if flight CG877 will arrive on time ?
I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there ' s something wrong with the fax machine .
He seemed to be dumped by his girlfriend . I found his blogs were a little sad .
Job fairs are popular places to look for work .
No , I haven ' t been back for more than ten years .
I need some documentation from you . Such as your resident permit , your occupation and salary details and I already have your credit details here .
I am not feeling very well . I've got a bad cold .
But I don't think so . No one has ever said a word that you are to die , only yourself . That means you are not willing to die , right ? Actually , you are recovering and what you imagine as your worry is slowing down the treatment . Many cases worse than yours turned out to be hopeful and successful . You must be confident . Your condition is much better physically , but a little bi difficult mentally . The most important thing for you now is cooperation with us .
That ' s great . What are the prizes ?
I would like to open a Current Account , please .
What should we buy ?
And then later everyone eats the food ?
Did she ? That's great . However , if we have too many children , that will have a bad effect on the environment .
It's so nice of you . You really make my day .
My feet is size 37 .
I'm planning to return to China after graduation .
So , how are you feeling today ?
I wanted to show you the cabin . We only had another half-hour to go .
I believe I am a six .
I've heard that the company is very strict with its staff . Is that true ?
Perhaps I should impose a limit on how much tv my kids can watch . They don ' t do much else in their free time . At least they always do their homework first .
What time does the train for Boston leave ?
Next please .
Excuse me , can you recommend some places for us to go tonight ?
I understand . The last time I went on a business trip with the boss , I didn't even have enough to eat !
I want to grow in my job and move ahead .
Yes . but the husband had to work overtime three times a week , so he was always tired .
Why do you worry about your future ? You're very young , and you'll make great contribution to the world . I hope you take my advice .
I am calling about the advertisement for a flat with a bedroom . Do you still have it ?
My mother bought me a new video game .
May I order , please ?
Of course . He is now 50 years old . And he started out studying alembics , singing , dancing and martial arts at the age of nine , and has tarred in 140 kung fu films . He has also become an independent producer and director .
Sorry , Mr . Wood is not here right now . Do you have any message for him ?
Should I date Tom or should I date Harry ?
Okay by me .
Would you like to stretch your legs ?
Cool ! That's a great idea . What did you have in mind ?
Maybe you have two choices . You could attend school during the day , or you could get a position that provides training .
Lots of elderly people want peace and quiet in their old age , but young people want an unconstrained life .
What do you think about our company ?
We can take care of that for you , too . You can get all of your usual banking services plus some new extra ones . As this service is net bases , you can do it anywhere .
Click your right key of mouse and choose QQ Zone .
Yes . They ' re coming the beginning of August .
Black .
Yes , but I ' m afraid it ' s still a mess . I haven ' t put anything away yet .
Yeah . I just can't find it anywhere .
I need to know if I have any fees to pay .
What can I do for you , madam ?
Wow ! That ' s great . I sincerely want to achieve my weight loss goals , but it ' s difficult for me to keep up the exercise . Also you know , old habits are hard to break .
Well , when you see the blue spots with the handicapped logo , do not park there unless you have a special permit . Are you going to be parking in the daytime or the evening ?
OK . How do you like your steak , do you like it rare , medium or well done ?
Enjoy yourself .
Great ! I must warn you though , whatever happens , don ' t let me go on a drinking binge . Trust me , it ' s not a pretty picture !
I heard there was an accident today .
Yes , I'd like to make a reservation for eight tonight .
Really ? oh ! I'm glad you let me know .
Yes , I see . In my previous job , I did typing and filing everyday .
Good afternoon , Felix Wassermann Associates . Lawson speaking , how can I help you ?
I don't have the day off . Our labor union is staging a nationwide strike today , all of the workers in our department are supporting the labor union by participating and not going in to work this week .
yes . That ' s fine . We can book you a private room for up to ten people at that time . Could you give me your name please ?
Do I eat the seed ?
No , it can't be . Really ? Who ?
OK , here you are . You look really attractive in that gown .
Delivery , please .
Wow ! So many students crowded in . More than I excepted , we are lucky to arrive in hour earlier . Or else we definedly have problems to getting good seats .
And I can concentrate on my study after the relaxation over the weekend .
A little French .
He does everything so mindlessly that he is going to drive me crazy .
Take it easy . It is all over now . How was it going , anyway ?
Believe it or not . Everybody is talking about it in the company .
When ?
Some of my friends tell me that being a teacher , the most important is the beauty of mind . You shouldn't pay too much attention to your appearance . You should appear frugal and prudent . Your experience and knowledge will gain the appreciation of your interviewer .
I am calling to ask the position of HR manager . Could you tell me more about it ?
No problem , I'll play as hard as I can and give you an extra game to say thanks .
Look , there are other ways to quit . You can try the nicotine patch , or nicotine chewing gum . We spend a fortune on cigarettes every month and now laws are cracking down and not allowing smoking in any public place . It ' s not like you can just light up like before .
So the bill is $ 36 . 00 .
I will give you the lowest price in the future .
You need to pay ten cents for every copy .
Yes , can you tell me where I can find a travel agency ?
You can list your education at the top , or choose your job experience to be there if it is more impressive .
Fred is really a good guy . And he loves you so much .
What was the biggest turing point in your life ?
Yes , electricity is not included in the rent .
Not so soon . It ' s not my birthday today . Well , you ' ll come , won ' t you ?
You never worked out ?
Wait for a minute , Mr . Brown , a single room with bath from today to the fifteenth .
May I have your name and flight number , please ?
I like that suggestion . Show me one , please .
I ' d appreciate that .
I'll help you with your homework .
I am sorry , but you need a receipt for a refund .
We're going to do something about it .
Most of the time that is what I prefer .
Someone has stolen my cell phone .
Wow ! Where's the treasure ?
Wrong . lt's not a place name , but a passionate act .
Sounds a great opportunity . I bet that made the decision to leave a lot easier .
I'll take one , too .
That'd be great ! Thank you .
No , I'm still full from dinner .
Do you receive traveler's checks ?
Pls fill it up with water then .
I had meetings back to back all morning . And phone rang off the hook from the minute I walked into the office .
I think the style is a little old-fashioned . It's not what I want .
Catch it on Altadena Drive .
Grandpa , this seat is for you , for you are the eldest person here and also it's your birthday today .
You have a temperature , but it's nothing serious . It's probably just the flu . I'll give you a prescription . Take this to the chemist's . Take one tablet every four hours . You should stay in bed tomorrow , and drink plenty of lemon juice .
I don ' t mean to interrupt , but can you tell me what plans you have for growing the youth market ?
Honey , seriously , It ' s just a sheep . Relax ! Relax , that was just the horses and donkeys that are in the stable .
Well , I really like dancing . And I enjoy going out to night clubs and to restaurants and eating Japanese food also and I'm really going to miss that because it's very different to London .
I'm afraid yes . But what about the data I stored in the computer ?
Sounds great to me ! If they are willing , we could ask them to go dancing with us . That is excellent exercise and fun , too .
20/350 .
Take it easy . I have the confidence to learn it well .
Yes , I'm checking out .
Do you think it looks good on me ?
I suppose I do .
Well . I ' ll see , sometimes the store don't have some one of new kinds of cereal .
I think the price is a little high , can't you reduce it
And what did the program say ?
Sure . The guest is welcomed by being served tea . But if after chatting for a while , the host asks servants or family members to serve a new cup of tea , or add some hot water , he is giving another signal .
Well , how about Gramercy Tavern ? It's a very popular tourist spot , with great food and music .
Mr . : I'm asking the class to read page 10 to themselves . Then I'm going to ask some questions about the passage .
What are the requirements ?
How much will I have to pay ?
I do sympathize with you , I assure you .
No , enough .
I feel like going for a drink , it's been a long day .
Caesar salads are good .
Well . We have espresso , latte , skinny latte , fancy coffee and Americano .
Yes that might be a better idea .
What's your weight .
Yes , sometimes . I don't like working nights I have problems sleeping during the day .
Yes , please . That would be a great help . Are you sure you don ' t mind ?
I know I could have . But finally we asked someone where we were .
Now darling , I know that we've bought this house together , but it's just going to be far too expensive to decorate it . I think we should sell it .
I know everyone suffers when he is misunderstood . But why not take it easy ?
Well , I'm really surprised . You are not doing anything behind my back , are you ?
Wow . She looks good for having had that many kids . She's pregnant and wearing Prada !
Glad to meet you . Mr Stewart . I'm the guide from Pacific Tour Agency . My name is Zhang Hua .
Excuse me . Could you tell me the way to the Star Hotel ?
No , I didn't feel like it .
That's all right . This sort of thing happens all the time to everyone .
OK , you mean the vacant one on the left ?
There must be something wrong with her .
Fine , just don't do it at night .
When I turn off my home alarm , the house will automatically tum on the lights and set the climate to a comfortable level .
Are you even glad that we get to buy new clothes too ?
And what's your vision ?
Hey , what's wrong with the TV ?
She's fine , thanks . Actually , she's the reason I'm here . It's our Wedding Anniversary in 2 weeks and I want to get her something special . She's been nagging me about our furniture , you see .
Doctor , I slipped and fell on my way to school . The ground is so slippery from the snow . It seems I can't move my left arm now .
Oh , don't mention it . I'm proud of you !
Did he hurt you ?
All right . That sounds more interesting .
These slacks are very popular . He can wear them to dress up a little or on a normal casual day .
When do you leave ?
To me English is a difficult language .
Can I give you a lift home , Mrs Word ?
I agree , how much ?
All right . I'm nearly ready . What time does the bus leave ?
Oh , really ? Give me a clam soup .
( My telephone number is ) 139xxxxx345 .
It ' s so hot at lunchtime ; I ' d rather run in the morning .
That ' s a good idea . Remember that if the parents watch too much Tv , the kids will probably follow suit .
Those guys work at the same company and go to the same bars . They do everything together .
it was about 75 years old . There were a few repairs that needed doing , but it didn ' t take a lot of money or time .
No , not really . When I left Vietnam , I came to America and I lived with a cousin in Dallas for two years . Where do you work , Alice ?
No , but I heard about that Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt didn't attend .
No , I'm stuffed . I'm ready for the check .
Do you think my briefcase is big enough to put in all these stuff ?
Not funny .
Even though I was late turning in my form , will my paycheck be late ?
So this is a real thing ?
Me ? Oh , no . In fact , I took up dancing quite recently .
Actually , I have applied to several companies recently . But I am most satisfied with your company .
Well , every stamp has a story to tell .
Thank you . Here is a copy of the Tour Guide Certificate of mine .
Exactly how much do I owe ?
Perfect . I'II start preparing tomorrow . If we re going to drive , l'II need to fill up the tank .
You like going to bed early ?
Look . It's begin .
This kind of school is good at helping people to improve their English .
I've got no kite . Do you have one ?
The Phoenix team overpowered its counterpart 86 to 50 .
So are mine . I think they left them cooking too long .
Could you tell me a little about the organization ? For example , how big is your workforce here ?
I see why you didn't stop .
Tragedy .
No , I haven't . I need help quick . It hurts really badly .
But I'm quite careful when I'm browsing the internet , I have no idea how I could have picked a virus .
That ' s even better than the real thing .
I like collecting stamps .
Let me put your cases into the trunk and please get in the back .
Certainly . When for , madam ?
Ugh , in about thirty minutes , sir .
Oh , I see them . Beautiful weather should be shared by all the people .
There have been too many unplanned shutdowns over the past few months . We'll have to make a few changes to the way we operate . We need to reduce our downtime .
Is it made of pure gold ?
It's a two-bedroom one , and renovated building with an eat-in kitchen .
Really ? I ' m not sure that I would like all the attention . There have been numerous cases of paparazzi interfering with star ' s private live in recent years .
Please wait a minute . I'll make out the duty memo ... Here you are . Take this and pay to the woman over there .
But we still need to go back to it . Don't overdo it .
Yes . I ' Ve got a meeting in a minute .
Why are you walking to and fro in the room ?
where are you planning on going ?
Do you mind being next to the elevator ?
No , maybe they're not . But they're close .
Or discuss what gifts they could buy together .
This is a very nice place . How long have you been living here now ?
What's the puzzle ?
You came to the right place . Any particular decade ?
Do you have a valid license ?
Yes , please ask when you want to borrow my records next time .
Who finances the magazine ?
Well , what are you going to do now ? Have you made any plans ?
What do you think of the leading actors ?
You needn't worry about that . Cartons are extensively used in our shipments to foreign countries and there have never been complaints from our clients . Now , as regards payment , we have agreed to use dollars , am I right ?
Would you please give to me , and will imprint it ?
Well , you ' d better heat it before you eat it .
Please fill out this form , and then take your parcel to the counter on my left-hand side .
It's made in China . The quality is excellent .
You said the same thing three months ago .
What did you see ?
Great . Here's my Visa Credit Card .
Sorry . What shall we get for her ?
A lot of things aren't fair . That's life .
Are you usually busy ?
When are you leaving ?
Well , this connection might be a bit too slow for your needs . I suggest you get the premium package for fifty dollars a month which includes a connection speed of two megabytes . That way you can play games online without any lag . This package also includes a wireless router and a personal firewall absolutely free !
Simple . We had personality clashes and there were too many cultural differences .
I am looking for a sweater .
What if you had three more top-notch programmers to help you ?
The time of departure will be announced as soon as possible .
I would like to buy some flowers , please . Something really nice .
Their range of organic foods is very limited .
We usually offer on a net basis only . Many of our clients have been doing very well on this quoted price .
To be honest , I don't really like doing either one , I can't cook and I hate cleaning .
Will you do the dishes after the meal ?
Interesting . Then what does H & K refer to ? The city of Hong Kong ?
At least the subway is better than the bus . It's faster for one thing . And usually less crowded . But the drawback is that the subway is more expensive than the bus . It adds up over time , if you take it every day .
Very well . Just take your time .
I have to go to court ?
Me too . I need something to read on the flight to new york . I can never sleep on planes . Sarah wants to pick up some children ' s books for her daughter .
I usually only have 2 beers .
Just some soft drinks and only a bottle of beer .
You can choose classes that you like at the school office .
Maybe some other time .
Yes . You'll get a picture of Serena playing with the racket and a document from her .
I'll just have water .
Right . Luckily it was on the eighteen hole , quite near the clubhouse , so he didn't have far to carry him .
What kinds of hits are we getting on our company's website ?
Excuse me .
Thank you , sir .
Waiter , the meat is overdone .
When will he come back , do you know ?
Just take a little off on the top and shorten the back . But please don't make it too short .
Uh-oh . It'll probably cost a lot to fix it .
It should have gone around to everybody . They also posted a copy of the memo in the break-room . Don't you ever look at the messages posted on the bulletin board ?
hey Ayden , I was wondering if you could do me a favor .
You must show where and when you tried to look for work . If you earned any money , you need to tell them about it .
is it still under warranty . If it is and I can ' t fix it , it would be quicker and easier to exchange it for a new one .
What do you do in your spare time ?
Is my VCR ready ?
Oh , that's convenient , but ... how much crime is there ?
It sure looks special , looks expensive too .
I really have to get to Paris by this evening . Would you please try to find any other available flight ?
ok . I'll stay home this morning and rest , but if I feel better in the afternoon , I'm going to the meeting .
Yes , I did . I enjoyed it a lot . There was a folk singer , a violinist and a pianist .
In your first letter , that is , when you apply for admission , you should also tell them you need their financial aid .
You must be pretty excited about your trip to Europe . When is it that you are leaving ?
Excuse me , sir . Can you tell me where I can buy some chocolates ?
Body language in the interview is closely related to the job-hunter's image .
Maybe there's something wrong with the program .
Got it . To whom should I report ?
You better stop slacking off .
It's January .
Can you start on Monday ?
Hello , Pineapple Computer Company . This is Janice Shaw , the secretary of Nova . May I ask who is calling ?
See you around .
Why can I learn it ?
I could give you a few pointers if you want . I know a lot about coffee .
Lisa ? No way . I've heard a rumor that she and the boss were having an affair . You know rumors can't come out from nowhere .
My tooth is killing me !
At your service . Will this suit you ?
Great . Shall I meet you there around 7 forty-five tomorrow night ?
You forgot ? You ...
well , to be honest , nothing is more stressful than going on a business trip with our boss .
Look , the printer isn ' t functioning well . I ' Ve pushed the start button . It is suppose to be working now but it remains like a log . What ' s going on ?
I don't know . Can I send it more quickly ?
Let me see . If we can't get the contract ready by then , we'll send it to you by airmail for your signature .
Really ? What did you think ?
Well , what kind of dessert do you want ?
Haggis ? What ' s Haggis ?
I'm glad to hear that . By the way , do you accept neutral packing ?
As I see it , he lacks the proper vision . His style is more about survival , and he's not taking the company anywhere . He ' s treading water instead of swimming .
I don ' t know anything about the bills or laws they ' re trying to pass .
Do you want any milk ?
Well , it ' s like this , during your first year , you will enjoy this salary level , a year later , we ' ll increase your salary by 20 % .
The round shape pair ?
Okay . The sooner the better .
Jim . How are you ? I haven ' t seen you for a while .
Yes , but don't cut them yet . Wait until they cool . Where is the big plastic bowl ?
What about your second foreign language since you were an English major ?
of course you should . You wouldn ' t want a silly argument to ruin a long friendship , would you ?
Guess what ? Paul and Susan are engaged .
Can you recognize Mike's father in the crowd ?
You know our boss always trying to save the last penny . We have to use up the equipment first .
So it seems . And what are you going to do about that ?
We are sure to responsible to replace the defective ones .
really ? What do you usually do online ?
Were you ? your performance was excellent .
Jacob , are you interested in helping me out and going on a blind date with a friend of mine ?
I ' ll do that for you .
Tomorrow is my wife's birthday .
The only two times you need are I'm late and I'm really late .
Have you run into your cousin Jimmy lately ?
Tell me something about yourself and your past experience .
I hate working on Christmas Eve ! Whoa ! Get a load of this guy ! Come in central , I think we ' Ve got ourselves a situation here .
Many happy returns of the day , darling ?
What are you and Corey doing for Valentine ' s Day this Friday ?
it wasn't too bad . At lease I'm alive .
Yes , you may enjoy a seven-day paid holiday in the first year . After that , you can have two more days each year .
That's why he's very popular among girls .
Is there anything I could help you with , sir ?
Just a second . I ' ll go get some .
Now that ' s a great idea !
Yes , there is a 15 percent discount .
I am in hot water now , all the things seem to be blown up .
I don't know about that , but my door is always open . Stop by anytime .
That ' s no good .
I don't get it . I'll go and have that doorman talk to you then .
No kidding ! We'll miss the connecting flight .
We still prefer French dressing .
May I ask what your job is in Taiwan ?
Is there anything else ?
No , we are just too different . This isn ' t working .
What style do you want ?
No , but she does wear contact lenses .
That ' s a hefty amount . But that should have no problem at all . You should be aware that there is a ten-percent service charge , though .
You asked for it .
The price on the tag says  565 but maybe you can get a discount .
Yesterday I saw your company's advertisement . Your company is an important international company . Working for it , I believe it can improve my abilities .
You didn ' t show up in the morning meeting . What ' s up ?
Hey , this spot in the shade looks really comfortable .
Oh , I see , by the way , my name's Mary .
Maybe . I haven ' t been able to keep my food down either . That ' s unusual .
Really ? Can ' t you stay a little longer ?
Thanks . Actually , I was really surprised . I mean there were a lot of qualified people out there .
Looking at the ' five sense organs ' of a scooter , it can be said as delicate and agile . To pull the T-shaped pole and make it vertical with the flat board and then pull it vertically , adjust its height suitable to you and you may use it .
But are the public schools good everywhere ?
Yes , I was taking a shower when you called . I saw that you called and I tried to call you back , but I think your phone was off .
I'll stay at home and have a complete rest .
About freezing point , I think . But the morning's forecast said that we are going to have a very cold spell in the next few days - and the temperature will probably drop to 10 or 15 degrees below zero .
Yes , your skirt is really beautiful , but you are applying for a teaching position . You see , your skirt is very short , and your make up is too thick . What's more , the color of your lipstick doesn't match your skin . As a teacher , you should be a little more sedate .
Jane . Nice to meet you .
Yes . Do you have a pharmacy here , please ?
What is the customer's name , and what is his room number ?
Yes . My bank offers very good terms and conditions on mortgage . There ' s a lot of competition between banks nowadays . Each one is trying to offer better conditions and services than the others .
20 yuan for a skirt .
Now what can I do for you ?
I've never met anyone like Clyde before .
Actually , I recommend you take Shakespeare sooner rather than later .
Thank you for inquiring . But your enquiry is too vague to reply .
How much is it going to cost , and who is going to pay ?
You know , that ' s going to be a tremendous change for me . Because I never exercise .
Great idea ! Peter , I could use the drink .
R :: From April 16th to 20th . And which kind of room would you prefer , sir ?
No . The teacher is dragging the chalk over the blackboard . It set my teeth on edge .
Take this web page for example . Press the keys " control " and " d " together . Click on " favourites " at the top of the screen . There you are . It has been added to you favourites list . If you click it , you will automatically go to that web page again .
I realize that , but our business is serving clients and giving them what they want .
Oh , I don't know . It depends .
What are you studying ?
I would like to place an order .
we've booked you a room in the same hotel as your meetings , so you won't need to deal much with the transportation system .
Yes . There are many places where the gorge is very narrow , with steep cliffs on both sides .
I ' ll stop by if I have time later . Make sure everyone knows that we must stick to the deadlines .
Could you just run through the evacuation procedure ?
Why not ? The Sweetheart pendant matches the cell phone well . I'd take this one .
you should also put yours on . you never know what will happen with me in the driver ' s seat !
Let me clear away the broken glass .
Let me count . Ok , it works out for my schedule . Thanks a lot !
I don't understand why I'm being arrested .
Good Morning , I have a bad cough , and I want to see an internist .
You forgot it last year as well .
No , I'm not very good at it . I play just for the fun of it .
Do you have a special kind of toothbrush that you like to use ?
For a week or so . Do you give discount for a week or more ?
And could you tell me what other jobs you have had ?
I do all the cooking .
Why do you choose our company ?
Yes . The porter will go and help you .
Would you like some soup first ?
You mean finally Henry bought the broken car himself .
Let me see . How much should I pay for you ?
Sorry , but he's busy then too .
I was planning on doing a lot of wallowing .
Maybe you should communicate with him like a friend and not a boss .
That's the sign of wind .
Fine , but next time try and not have to miss class again .
Well as I mentioned before , I do tend to get frustrated if I don ' t see progress in my work or career . I suppose I ' m quite a restless character . My father always taught me to be a high achiever so .
Coach .
Well , three days .
How long is the boat time-table effective ?
No , you can't , darling . The grass is wet .
So then , why don't you just go ?
Why do you buy stocks , then ?
How long would you like us to keep it ?
Mom , what can I do for you today ?
Thank you , Bob ! This past week has been the beginning of Armageddon for many , a series of unprecedented meteorological events occurred around the world . In Switzerland , a major avalanche was reported in the Alps . Fortunately , no one was injured . Due to to the extreme cold this winter , a blizzard has struck the US Midwest , causing classes in schools and universities to be temporarily canceled . Moving to to Latin American , Ecuador has suffered a six month drought that has not only affected farming , but has also forced the closure of the hydroelectric power plant that provides electricity for the entire country . In Chile , a major earthquake that registered seven point five on the Richter scale struck the southern region . Losses are reported to be in the billions . Authorities have not yet released an official statement .
Alright , Ma'am . What items would you like to order today ?
Sure . What kind of toast do you like ?
I ' d like to go to the railway station please .
Are you familiar with the office management ?
You hit the white ball with your cue . The white ball hits the colored balls . And you want to get the colored balls into the pockets .
I think I have nothing to declare . I have just brought a bottle of wine .
Really ?
That happens to be my favorite . Waiter , I think we're ready to order .
About a year ago actually . You've probably never seen her though .
You can say that again . Susan ' brother dropped in from out of town , so I offered to put him up for a few days . But he ' s driving me up a wall . This guy is bottomless pit .
I suggest a walk over to the gym where we can play singsong and meet some of our friends .
OK . It's delightful to have a walk in the park with the air so fresh .
Good evening . Could you let us have a double room ?
Are you crazy ? Tomorrow's Saturday .
I hate cigarettes ! Nonsmoking .
Oh , are you ? That sounds interesting .
How about forty-five ?
I ' m sorry , Janet . I left it at home . I ' ll bring it back in the morning .
Arthur , that ' s the bathroom .
Where do I get the application form for unemployment benefits ?
What kind of work are you interested in ?
It's great . I really get to focus on what I like to do and everyone has been very nice and welcoming . However , I'm having a small problem with my new colleagues .
Ok . You need to know what they like or dislike , what religions they follow . Especially you need to know how they behave , their habits and their way of life , the things that they are used to . Sometimes , people in different countries , have varying outlooks for cultural , political , religious .
I know . There are too many cars on the roads these days .
You have a perfect taste !
What race is he ?
I want to get in touch with the Chinese Embassy because my passport was in the stolen bag .
Excellent ! Now , as you know , the day has barely begun .
Okay , here's my ID and the $ 27 .
Right now , I ' ll take about anything that will pay the mortgage .
Yes , I ' m looking for a pair of trousers .
Let's go .
By the middle of October . This is the best we can do .
I can never forget that . I bought you five candies , but I was so anxious that I forgot to give them to you . You didn't get them until we parted . Then they had already melted down for I held them the whole time .
Yes , I know . But it can't be helped . It's been a pretty slow month and I just don't have enough cash to refurnish the whole house .
When you hired me , you knew you were going to be low on cash , didn't you ?
My first inclination is to leave nothing for a tip .
It ' s double A , R , O , N .
Do you have any questions you want to ask ?
No foot gives out scent .
How embarrassing !
On what days are the classes ?
Is there a big selection of organic foods at Whole Foods ?
See you later ! Drive carefully .
But what will you do if you need to know the price of something ?
Excuse me . My name is David Walker . Haven't we met before ?
If your white blood cell count is off , it could signal an infection somewhere in your body .
Well , maybe your mood will swing positively and you will feel confident , brave and hopeful !
Well , I guess we're all set for another merry Christmas .
What else do you like to do besides watching movies ?
Yes , we are a foreign-invested company .
Yes , a very pleasant journey , thank you .
Can you understand your Spanish teacher ?
No , not at all . His examples are really interesting .
It'll really take me to the station ?
What was the problem ?
Thank you . Have a nice trip .
Really ? What was the matter ?
As a journalist , I have strong communication skills . I am good at both discourse management and strategic competence .
Sorry , my taste in music doesn't go back any further than the 1960 ' s . Music written before then is just history to me .
Yeah , he got booted after his initial performance in the audition , but he did not give up . He then tried at another two auditions .
It's Friday . We should go party .
In what department do you wish to work if we hire you ?
Why are you so late ?
You flatter me .
Yes , he was 29 then .
The total charge is $ 15 .
I just read this in the whole afternoon . Let me show you .
Hi Chris . I am glad to see you . Can you help me with my new computer ?
I think it's beautiful . I want to hang it in the living room .
It's good to be home .
I ' m sorry to hear about that . Why don ' t you join me for a hot cup of tea ? It ' ll be good for you !
Do you know that working overtime in some companies is a regular thing ?
Do you think people still have faith in the government ?
No , I have not seen the signs .
Fine . Give me the ticket .
Is sailing fun ?
Yes , we do . They are all in this book .
Of course I had heard about that , but now I know how expensive it is to rent a place here .
Very good sir . Here is your bill . Please check and sign it .
I'm glad you enjoyed the city , anyway . But please don't think too unkindly of us .
No , I think it's enough .
I'm gonna get a relaxer , then flip the ends up like Halle .
I am going to contact the sellers immediately . They were looking forward to your acceptance .
I have to move .
What ' s the life expectancy in your country ?
Please allow me to introduce myself . My name is Tom .
Can I have this shoe in the black please ?
If you like to play so much , when do you ever exercise ?
Let me see ... Your plane leaves from gate 8 so you should go there to board the plane .
176 Wooden Street East .
My son has really taken it out of me . He never keeps out of mischief .
Don't be silly . I'll take you anywhere you wanna go .
I recently saw a recipe for spicy chicken curry in a magadize . Maybe we could try that ?
Let me guess , from Sarah . It looks like something she would drive .
I really appreciate your help .
If you think it will be very short-term , I would recommend you go with the 60 - day loan . Then it can be paid back quicker , so you won't have to consider it in the future .
Well , what about this two-bedroom apartment ? The listing says it's right in the heart of the city , just steps from the metro .
OK . I'll be right back with you .
That will be fine . I'll take it .
Are you busy with your work ?
If you don ' t like that , then you ' re probably going to be mad at what I tell you next .
I think it leaves at two thirty .
I'm sorry . The agreement hasn't been fully prepared . It will be ready by tomorrow .
It ' s cheaper , isn ' t it ?
What happened with that guy at the cafe ?
No , sir . It's gratis . Just take your room key so you can get in .
Yes , I kept on typing it until midnight , but it is lost .
Well , I think so . But I am thinking of going aboard to get a master's and doctor's degree . If can get a Ph . D . abroad , it will be much easy for me to get a job at home .
That's right , Sarah and Jane are both your cousins although they are step-sisters .
Do you have a balcony ?
Definitely . I Ve got the hell out of the company . Anything new ?
Maybe I'll go for the US dollar account .
Well , we apply tape and plaster to from a solid enclosure to protect the bones from moving . In this way they will heal properly . Take it easy . It won't hurt you . Let me see . The X-ray picture indicates that your humerus is broken in two places . And you'll have to wear the cast for three weeks . You'll need to come back in two weeks , so I can have another look .
do you have a car ?
How come ?
Half past 11 .
This place is so quiet and peaceful . It ' s really different from my pad at city .
It must be dreadful to grow old .
That's right . And it's a B that I'll be writing too . Her name is Olga .
Maybe , but in the meantime why not help me find the remote control for my garage door ?
Sure is . Waiter , bring us two drafts , please .
I got it . When should I have her call you back ?
No , I just check my weight , I'm getting fatter .
In my country , we go to school from 8 o'clock in the morning until five in the afternoon .
I wonder if the chops are fresh .
I know a lot of people wouldn ' t agree with that .
I see . What about the salary ?
Do you think Tom will be elected president ?
Be careful . It ' s dangerous to drive fast .
I'm not comfortable about this , Sandy . I don't understand most of these games .
Right you are . We'll see to it that the blouses appeal to the eye as well as to the purse .
Hello , May I help you ?
Please come in !
Yes , I've got that part covered .
They're not cheap , but neither is their furniture .
Hi , Mark ! I was wondering if you finished that presentation you were working on last week ?
I hope the opera will be more stupendous than the movie . Have you bought the tickets ?
I don't have the slightest clue .
The system of public schools is fairly uniform everywhere throughout the United States .
At cars ! You aren't thinking about buying a car , are you ?
Hi , Mary ! You're here already . Where's Harry ?
I've noticed you've been munching away on lots of fruits and vegetables recently .
I work hard so I deserve to enjoy , but that costs money .
Well , I studied French at school , but I ' Ve forgotten most of it . I learnt some Russian while I was studying there and now I study Spanish in evening classes . Do you speak Japanese at home with your parents ?
Well , I'll try gin and tonic .
You are saying he will be promoted to the general manager ?
Anyway , that is not what I meant by beautiful .
Let me see . A roasted duck is 15 dollars . A plate of pork is 10 dollars . A bowl of beef is 6 dollars . Two bottles of beer are 3 dollars . That ' ll be a total of 34 dollars .
It ' s a traditional Scottish delicacy ; you take sheep ' s liver , heart and lung and stuff it inside of the sheep ' s stomach .
You might want to try the mangoes .
who else is going to be there ?
Great ! Let's make a reservation .
The room is away from traffic noise .
Yes . I would also like some sweet-and-sour sauce and pepper .
most people eat tempura with chopsticks , but you can use a fork if you don't know how to use chopsticks .
that'd be great . Thanks ! What time should I come over ?
I want to buy a gift for my father . Will you go with me to choose one for him ?
Anything interesting in this city ?
What do they mean ?
That's interesting . But it would be really expensive , I suppose . Just think about all the drinks .
Would you like to play golf with me ?
I ' d totally die if she turned me down .
That was the last game before the playoffs .
Every morning you get up late and rush off to work late .
Wow ! So many people in the United States get divorced !
What if I require a loan for a short period of time ?
you dance it very well . do you often go dancing ?
Sure , I have . Will you join ?
That's very generous of you . Thanks for the offer .
Excuse me , sir . May I go with you to claim my luggage ? I am a stranger here .
I think I can find it .
True . How much did you pay ?
When do you guys play ?
But that is terrible ! I am only here for one night !
You were really lucky .
How about a movie ?
I have been feeling sick for three days .
er ... , mom , I promise . I won't make a single noise .
Have you got any Chinese paintings ?
Oh , I understand . I can't say I'm a big fan . I'm from China , and football doesn't have a really big following over there .
No , you don't . Just fill out this card and sign your name and room number on it .
I can't wait to see the expression on her face when we dump her .
Hey ! What's that smell ? Are you burning the toast ?
How about this Isawell's flowery perfume ?
Cats chase mice , don't they ?
Sure . You can send E-mail to each other every day through the internet . In addition , you can make a phone call through the internet , too .
I think we need to buy some baits and borrow some fish poles first .
Yes , much better . You can log in a website , browse through many items and categories comfortably at home , order the goods , pay by credit or debit card , and the goods will be delivered to your home .
Would you mind showing me how to use it ?
Good , I ' Ve get a two-pin plug .
Not at all . I am pleased to tell you these .
Oh . I just can ' t forget it .
You tried to seduce me . I fell for you .
But it's an expensive hobby , isn't it ?
No we are gonna make the batter . Take some butter and sugar and mix it lightly until you have a nice consistency . Then add some vanilla extract and eggs and continue mixing .
Romantic ? I can ' t remember what that word means .
Yes , sir . Did you call the airline ?
All right . I go up to 115 yuan , but not a penny more . Is that acceptable ?
Has anyone ever told you that you had high blood pressure ?
how do you usually spend your day , now that you ' Ve retired ?
Thank you for coming . Good - bye .
Here you are .
It is Europe's spotless land of lakes and mountains ! Let me know as soon as you can so we can get a discount .
Sorry , Sally , it's not your fault .
Really ? But I can smell alcohol on your breath . Blow into this breathalyzer , please .
How big is it ?
Really ? Too expensive . I don't think I can afford it .
Do you carry black ink ?
Should I come to the second floor or do you want to come to the first floor ?
Better or worse , it doesn't matter . I had a lot of feelings for him . I really liked him
I wouldn ' t exactly characterize it in that way . I think something happened . Something terrible and unexpected that made it impossible for him to ... what if he showed up , took one look at me and left ?
10 o'clock in the morning to 2 o'clock in the afternoon .
how did you figure out how to slove the Rubik's cube ?
I think one of the important things is just to be considerate of your co-workers'feelings and needs . If you are aware of other people and do your part to make a good working environment , you should be able to get along with most of the people you work with .
Don ' t say that . It looks like a dump now . I can ' t stand it .
I like Macs . How much for a Mac ?
We are free this afternoon , aren't we , Mr John ?
Really ? Are you going to introduce us ?
Thank you , Henry . I'll get a number 13 .
We can take the train , that will be faster . I'II book the tickets tomorrow morning .
Oh , what's that ?
We could provide them with better conditions anyway . We should certainly try to improve the conditions at zoos . We should try to recreate the natural conditions as much as possible .
Elvin doesn't hold a grudge , if that's what you're worried about .
Of course you can .
did you get to leave early then ?
After that , we'll let you decide if you still want a murder , I mean motorcycle .
What ' s wrong with climate ? Anyway , I think the sand storm happens more frequently these days than the years before . Can ' t people do something to stop it ?
And how ' s your brother ?
That may be true , but I'm sure you enjoyed your sandwich .
Are you sure ? We could go Dutch .
Gee ! I don't know what to say ! Thanks so much .
Great party , isn ' t it ?
C'mon . Just don't move .
If you don't mind , I'd rather you didn't . I have a cold and feel chilly .
Yes , I'd like to . It's my honor . Let's pick a song .
I think I'll write a book .
I could go for that . But I'm afraid our budget is a little tight this year .
You may ask if you can take a half-price ticket .
OK . thank you .
Done . Oh , don't forget to take napkins , disposable plates , cups and picnic blanket .
Oh , thank you . That's very nice of you .
Prepare the list , Mother . I can go shopping . I can go to the small stores . Everyone knows me there .
Mr . Sandals , may I see your ID , please ?
Yes , It's John eng .
Me , too . She speaks very clearly and doesn't use very complicated words so that it is easy for us to understand her .
There are different ways of conducting a job search . Do you know what you want to do ?
What should a secretary do to prepare for a meeting ? Can you tell me a bit more about it ?
May I venture to ask if you've decided to employ Mark ?
The toilet flushes and the shower has hot and cold water
Is this where we'll be holding the meeting ?
That'll be a bottle of champagne , lobster tail , and porterhouse , all charged to your amenities account .
How are they proportioned ?
Yes , even her mother .
Silly me !
You need a child first , and that's your duty , too .
Yes . What about this one ?
Yes , I'm from Taiwan . I never heard of a gas station where you fill up your own car .
Did you join the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) ?
Oh , my God , that hurts !
It ' s easy . Don ' t worry about it .
Go to the western side of the campus , and you'll find it there .
Where is my contract ?
Well , I just spend 15 minutes as so checking my stock bonds and booking an air ticket for my mother . Anyway , I have done all my work and it is about the time to leave .
Do they have a large family ?
Hello , this is Than Hua's office . Can I help you ?
All right . That Nealy done a little .
And would you like anything to drink ?
I won ' t spoil your enjoyment by telling you who won . There were a few surprises .
Are you sure the bank will change these coins for you ?
I can ' t believe it . I guess I ' ll be here until 10 again tonight .
No , I didn't save this time . Damn it ! And I'm sick of writing this paper . Now I have to write it all over again too .
Sure . Thanks .
Have you ever had garlic ice cream ?
Just this one .
Do you think it's easy for a Chinese to get accustomed to the western culture ?
How much is that ?
To be honest , I wouldn't .
Really ? Since I have to go back to England within the next few months , I would like to sell my apartment as soon as possible .
Are you hungry ? Do you want me to buy something for you to eat ?
After all , he is a baby .
That's excellent ! Have you received your conditional offers yet ?
You'll find it by the oatmeal and breakfast bars .
Trust me , it's worth it . With the " Love , Amy Card " , you'll get a 20 percent discount on everything in the store , every time you shop !
Then we can certainly help you with that . You see , for shorter term loans , we can offer an even more competitive interest rate .
Do people get married young ?
The snow is so beautiful .
Are you ok ? You seem a bit anxious .
You want to wait for the next bus ?
I'd like a suite for four nights .
Yes , the service really added to the experience .
Do you think I could have a look at it , please .
Yes , please . I'm looking for a sofa .
Thanks for saying so .
I will get some ice , and put it on your ankle . How does that feel ?
Do you have an add sheet for me to sign ?
Even better than a private vehicle is a limo . How does that sound ?
Straight ahead to the traffic lights , left and then right .
Let's see . Have you been to a jazz club yet ?
How about Monday morning at 9 a . m . ?
It was me . I am so sorry .
3 . 00 Yuan .
About 6 in the morning . I like to walk to the office .
I see , thank you . By the way , is this the right bus for the Museum ?
is it a horror movie ?
Okay , I'll follow your advice .
What is your stand on gay marriage ?
ok , got it . I ' ll call you sometime next week .
Thank you , sir . You'll be staying in room 1910 . Here are your keys . The bellhop will take your luggage upstairs . Have a nice stay , sir .
My pleasure . Well , the festival is going to start on the third Saturday of October , and covers over one hundred diverse programs in one month .
Whatever you prefer .
I'd like to . But I'm not myself today .
You should get off at the first Shi Da stop .
Not so good . Lots of complains .
Ok . Who should I report to ?
Last Saturday .
Fine ! What do you need ?
Well . I hope there won't be such things .
I feel sorry for you .
Well , you have three kids , so you knew what it meant once upon a time !
We had a fantastic time .
She is an opera star in China . Her teacher's teacher is Mei Landfang .
May I see your driver's license ?
At their last meeting , the stockholders voted unanimously to block the merger of our company with Blycore . All the executive committee was in favor of the merger ... I don't understand how the stockholders could have so much power to throw a wrench in the plans ...
Wait a minute ! I don't like 7 fifteen , now that I think about it . Change it to 7 thirty .
I should not have listened to you .
I'm sorry , sir . You will need to wait at least a short time . We are very busy tonight . There was a big car accident on Highway 106 .
This necklace is a little short . Do you have one that is longer ?
I'd love to get a pie .
It ' s a lot harder than I imagined . There are many things that you have to to arrange . I booked a time and date with the funeral home , but I still have a lot of things to do .
I wasn't done talking to you .
Okay , let me see if I've got that . I need to go down Elm until I hit Broadway , then I make a left and the building is on my left hand side . Is that right ?
John is in prison now . He was copped outstealing .
Aug 8 .
Get out of my store , you jerk !
I hope so . I'm in the process of applying for a credit card with you , and Ms Wang asked me to drop off these documents .
Don't be discouraged . Just keep trying and you will find a job eventually .
Did you ask his former secretary , Lora ? She knows a lot about him .
You've formed a sound habit .
Don ' t tell me your ' re already bucking for a promotion .
Yeah , that ' s perfect . What about the subjects for your minor ?
I'm Jack in Room 606 . Can you change the room for me ? It's too noisy . My friend was woken up several times by the noise from upstairs . He said it was too much for him .
Could you come and spend the weekend with us ?
I could do some typing for you .
Oh , really ? Isn't this spot C408 ?
Maybe I could get back to you in a few weeks . I am leaving on vacation this afternoon .
How many chances should I give you ? I've given up on you !
Well , but I need it tomorrow morning .
I think I'm convinced that trying for this position is the best choice for you .
Let me have a look . Oh , yes . This one is the IC phone and the other is the coin phone . If you have an IC card , you can insert it into this slot , wait for the dialing signal appearing on the small screen , and then dial the number of the person you are going to call .
What would be a good day to finally move into the house ?
Me neither . All I have to do is study French hard .
Jen , it's not alive ... but it does look user-friendly .
Just water , please .
How many do you intend to order for our shirts ?
He took all my things , but he didn't hurt me .
I heard the Great Wall closes early in the afternoon . Do you think I can make it before closing ?
Well , she asked me if my parents wanted me to be a steward .
That ' s fine with me . I don ' t hate vegetables and I don ' t eat much during lunch .
That ' s all right . I ' ll be right back .
You owe me 19 dollars .
Yes , I'm excited to hear about your new product .
I love it . I really enjoy creating a meal from various ingredients and watching my friends enjoy it . It gives me a real sense of satisfaction . Do you enjoy cooking ?
I am looking for a pan .
Well , i want to go to the university flea market , they got times of books , DVDs , and a lot of nice clothing , too .
Have you heard what the weather is going to be like tomorrow ?
Yes , I do . You can buy a bus schedule in a news stand .
Yes , sometimes .
Nice to meet you , Dolma .
But that is a little risky , you know .
I hate that , either . Did you tell him your feelings ?
Anyway , I have to face the music this time .
sure . What do you want ?
No , it is not .
Would you please take a seat over there , madam ? I ' ll let Mr . Emory know that you ' re here .
No ! Are you kidding me ?
When does the job start in the afternoon ?
Sure . This material is not only washable but also unshrinkable , sun-resistant , crease-resistant , resilient .
I am awfully sorry . I didn't think you would mind so much .
Oh , what a pleasant surprise ! Don't you remember me ?
So , Lauren , I just wanted to talk to you quickly about our new customer support representative , Jason Huntley .
What can I do ? I have things to do in Students ' Government .
I am sorry to tell you that I have lost the opportunity .
Judy , what do you think of the new general manager ?
I never knew that .
It's the most important thing to me .
Take this web page for example . Press the keys control and d together . Click on favourites at the top of the screen . There you are . It has been added to you favourites list . If you click it , you will
We can't go that way , the road is blocked for the next few days .
OK , superman . Put on your cape , we are going to fly home .
Please wrap it .
If I catch you , you'll be sorry .
How long is your journey ?
It's time for desserts ! Are you still hungry ?
Excuse me , is this the parcel post counter ?
Look at the ice there hanging from the eaves .
Yeah , I agree with you . But you know , it ' s just one of those things .
Do you really believe in that ? If they are going to focus on something , they should do it on civil rights .
I'm right outside my room .
I know , but it wasn ' t my fault ! I told Jennifer she had to drop me off before ten , but she wouldn ' t leave the party !
It ' s too old . And it isn ' t as specious as I expected .
Yes , everything has been well designed .
Sorry . I didn't quite catch what you said . There's a lot of noise outside .
Have you heard who got elected ?
dumplings again ? ! Oh , Amy , let's try something new !
I have been employed as a secretary at a trading company .
I was in a comfortable place , so really , it ' s no problem . I am happy to see you . Did the rain hold you up long ?
But I think some healthy menu options are also served at fast food restaurants ..
There are no age limitations as such just that the loange should be below 55 years and of course , old enough to get a loan , meaning over 18 years of age .
fortunately , I saved my work right before it crashed , so it should be OK .
Do you know the minimum balance you ' re required to keep ?
I think you need to get brain surgery . I honestly don ' t think you need cosmetic surgery . You look amazing .
Excuse me ...
We have a flight at four thirty .
What do you think is the most important qualification for a salesperson ?
I'm not being nosey . I'm just asking .
Hi , Jone , how are you ?
No . It was very close and they argued over the bid for a long time . Better luck next time .
That's quite all right . Thank you .
Yes , this is defective . See ? I didn't notice this hole when I bought it .
Do you brush your teeth twice a day as dentists recommend ?
Well , we've settled the problems of price , quality and quantity . What mode of payment do you wish to employ ?
The bus will bring you back 6 days later on December 8th . Is someone coming to get you ?
Let ' s see ... If I won the lottery , I would buy two tickets for a trip around the world .
I love the balcony . We can sit outside and enjoy the sun in summer . We are on the 12th floor , so there ' s very nice view from the balcony .
Let us know when you are free . We ' ll arrange the tour for you .
His name is Grunt . Come closer and I'll properly introduce you .
What does the unit consist of ?
But what would other people think ?
Why ? Do you know that guy ?
All right , now please sign the back of the card .
Why don ' t you apply for one right now ?
May I have your resume , please ?
Oh , certainly .
I've heard that when this happens , it's important to save energy .
If you ' re interested in this position , please send me your resume .
A fly-away tie ! What a riot !
No wonder it smells fragrant .
Thanks , goodbye .
I need it sooner . Let me have it in three days , okay ?
Yes . This is room 207 . There isn't any hot water in my bath room . Can you send somebody here , and do something about it ?
It fits fine . I ' ll take it . How much is it ?
Well , I'll settle for blue-black . I'll also take a dozen airmail envelopes .
How much do we owe you ?
Do you want me to give you a ride ?
Must I catch a number 7 bus to get there ?
Normally I couldn ' t do that . But under the circumstances , I ' ll see what I can arrange . Customer satisfaction is our primary aim .
But it explains why Taylor isn't answering and Femi took time off from work .
En ?
25 dollars . Do you think that's enough ?
You will receive a Continued Claim Form and every two weeks , you must turn it in .
Are you going to continue washing your clothes here for a while ?
Yes , I do , but today I went shopping and have only just come back . It is very nice to hear your voice , Bob . I didn ' t know you were in New York .
I'm tired . I need a rest .
Thomas , could you do me a favor ?
No , it ' s pretty good . Why not give the landlord a call ?
Do you have any other accounts with this bank ?
Yes . It could happen .
I need your information too .
You can use a credit card or your debit card . They also let you use the Paypal system which is really safe and fast . I have never had any problems with someone hacking my information or anything .
It's Traveller's Cheques , is that possible ?
I ' m afraid that ' s not my cup of tea . I just find skin-diving attracting .
What went wrong ?
How long have you been in America ?
I think is looks great . I really like the light colors you have chosen . The pictures are nice too . Did you bought any new furniture ?
Do you have any idea for this vacation ?
I lived in England when I was a child .
Yeah , I went to school today . Were you there ?
How about this scarf , these earrings , AMD an anklet ?
I am just trying to find something that will pay the bills until this bad economy passes by .
Thank you . But does it really look all right ?
How did you do on your driving test ?
Great !
If I saw the stop sign , I would've stopped for it .
He completed the first 200 / 400 double in Olympic history !
Yeah , like it very much . My name has become a part of me .
Sure . That's no problem .
Ok I ' Ve found it . Checking out on the 27th ?
I thought you were the only child in the family . Didn't China practice the only-child policy in the early 1980s ?
Can you give me a discount ?
Being famous , I can do without , but I wouldn't mind being rich .
My feelings exactly .
All you really need to know is that the apartment looks great .
I don't care . I have a headache .
Thanks , Mr Janus . Of course I trust you , but regulations are regulations .
I see . Can I pay by credit card ?
Sure , no matter what happened , they should wait to discuss in their office and find the solution in a positive way .
About two years now .
It's pretty . How much is it ?
Will they send me a form telling me that I have been granted unemployment ?
I think there's more you need to do .
It's not breathing !
Never ! But thank you for inviting me .
why are you choosing to leave a foreign country ? Many people are reluctant to leave the superior living environment abroad .
He's endless talking about stocks almost bores me to death .
Oh , please don't call me sir . Just call me Jason .
Well you should have picked , in the end you always complain about everything .
I ' m afraid you ' ll become angry . But I think I must tell you .
I scalded on the hot coffee a few days ago .
Oh , how did you deal with it ?
So , Jack , do you believe in ghosts ?
Hello , Sir , may I help you ?
I'll have to write you a ticket and suspend your driver's license for 3 months .
Yep , it ' s near a bus stop .
do you want me to get you one , too ?
Hi Angela , it's Dan .
It's a little sensitive , actually . I need to get hold of some money , and quickly .
That's great . Thank you so much .
To be honest , Ava , I've just had a really bad day .
Thank you , doctor . Goodbye .
Thanks , honey , that was a great meal . I ' m stuffed . Do we have any chips left ?
Are you broke again ? Let me treat you .
What can I do ?
Which financial magazines and newspapers do you think do the best job of checking facts ?
Well , no one could survive without water , but you see pollution has been making more and more water unable for drinking .
I'd like to book a ticket to Shanghai .
I always like to see the oldies , like The Sound of Music , Gone with the Wind . They are realty the best - in the acting , the scene and the plot .
Nah ! Let ' s go get a burger and fries .
OK , that is reasonable . I will take it .
You know my bank stuff . My card , my book ...
Playground . We're having sports for today's outside class activities . All my classmates have already got there .
that's be great . The more prepared I am , the better .
Nice and warm again , isn ' t it ?
Are you going to get married in the church ?
Yeah , it sure would .
How much money do you want to transfer ?
You can count on me .
Yes , here's our confirmation slip .
Sorry , sir . The train has already left .
Yes , it's true .
The brown leather shoes are OK .
OK . Do you want any film ?
Sure , I will . Thank you for inviting me .
The second call is now changed to 7 thirty . Is there anything else we can help you with ?
Yes , madam . What sort of gloves do you want ?
Do you attend school during the day or only at night ?
Yes . I'll have a mixed green salad .
Are you sure you ' re alright . You look a bit worry today ? Is anything wrong ?
I don't remember .
Yes , PLS . I also need you to check the oil and the radiator .
No , I haven't . What's going on ?
Yes , I'll be glad to .
I could try , but I can ' t say for sure if I ' ll get up in time . What time do you want to go ?
What have you been doing ?
It seems to me that everything is going digital nowadays .
I ' Ve been feeling a little light-headed lately .
I am not a child at all . I know more .
I'm gonna go to the bathroom . When the waitress comes back , will you order for me ?
Excuse me . I get confused that the two phones on the booth are different , can you tell me how to use them ?
Well , there does have one . Walk along the road and turn left when you come to a bystreet . It will lead you to the back gate of the park .
I can only afford about 300 pounds a month .
have you heard of Hot Fuzz ?
People are very kind down your way . You ' re lucky .
What's Net Love ?
I'm really sorry I let you down . I'll make it up to you somehow .
Yes , but we need some extra charge and some tip , too .
You know that I have no secrets toward you .
It must come from the bakery on the corner . They are baking cookies . Their cookies are very popular in town .
Reading my fashion magazines ! How do you think I know so much about all the latest trends ?
Well , we shall make it a secret between us .
Well , they spend it pretty quick . New clothes , new computers and new cars every year . And they ' Ve got a cook and housekeeper . Mona used to be an actress , she likes to spend a lot of money .
Yes , maybe . But I like street shopping . There is more variety . I'm sorry . I just don't like malls .
At the Cashier's Counter of our hotel , right in the lobby downstairs .
I ' m at work right now . You can reach me at 905 675 9870 . Please call this number if you need me .
How many pounds would you like me to get you ?
You're in great shape , Keith . Do you work out at a gym ?
What's on tomorrow at that time ?
Do I have to pay an installation fee ?
Good morning , Mr . Green . Please have a seat . I received your resume last Monday and I would like to say I ' m very impressed .
What ' s up ? You look so blue .
Maybe it was Dick .
It seems to me that you always do better than you say .
We'll see how much fun it is after they take all your money ! !
I have been working on it for a whole month and it's too late to write another . Just think of all my hard work that goes for nothing . How could I do such a thing ?
From 9A . M . to 5 P . M .
Please call us if you change your mind .
I guess we have covered all the stuff that we need to discuss and it's time to say goodbye .
Yes , I couldn't agree with you more . A 1 year time deposit it is !
That happens often these days . Well , please fill in this Report of Theft .
Apartments in the city are expensive .
No , we don ' t really care because they are all pretty good around here .
All right . Thank you .
I liked it . I thought it was great .
I think so . I feel very hot .
Sounds fun . Anyone I know ?
I know a place that should be perfect . It's called the China Friendship Shopping Center and it's pretty much like an American mall - except with more variety . You can even buy a live chicken there if you want .
Thanks doc , bye !
Is there some reason why you can ' t get enough sleep ?
Is there a doctor here ?
Yes , that's very important .
How much are you withdrawing today ?
No , so it's usually boring to join my friends in the afternoon at a regular coffee shop .
Why don't we get you some shirts ?
To begin with , I have to use chopsticks .
You know the sales figure shows that the prediction has not achieved .
Yes . You always have a good nose for wines .
What's the price ? I hope you'll quote us favorably .
I am unsure how to add a class and need help .
Hold on
You ' re so picky sometimes .
Would you and your wife care to come to our place and have tea with us some afternoon ?
Lures ? We're using live bait over here .
I am so sorry , madam !
Do you believe in UFO's ?
I'm going to the store downtown this afternoon to try on my wedding dresses .
Would you like me to show you our new cleaning unit ? It's a clever design .
Well , I confess . I did it , because I urgently need money to buy some medicine for my mother for she is badly ill . I'm ashamed that I did that .
Well please , why don't you go ahead of me in line ? I'm in no hurry .
it's ok . She normally just wears a little foundation and some loose powder , and I wouldn't know what shade to buy .
It's all written on the brochure price list . I believe there will be one right for you . Please hurry up because almost half of units have already gone .
oh no . the train hasn't been crowded at all recently . Besides , you're in first-class , so you'll be fine .
OK . Give me your address .
He ' s really good looking . he ' s quite tall , around 61 , he ' s in his early thirties , and he ' s got the most beautiful dark brown eyes ...
Today is Saturday , isn't it ?
You can't beat me at tennis .
Here ' s 50 dollars . Keep the change .
It looks like it was made just for you .
Hello , Fairbrook Consulting , how may I help you ?
But really , maybe this can work . Everyone loves coffee , and everyone needs motor oil .
Never mind that . Get some dips as well . Get a jar of spinach and blue cheese dip and also some Tzatziki . If they have bean dip get that as well . Last but not least , get some pickles .
No , I borrowed it .
Did you like your work ?
I see . Well , what do you recommend then ?
That's still too much . Can you lower the price further ?
We like a larger wardrobe .
May I ask you why you left the job ?
Of course , she should take minutes .
Rose , is this you ?
Hey man ! How ' s it hanging ?
I have a meeting with my General Manager .
What're you going to wear today ?
Sure . This is Claire .
Thank you . I was operated on for gastric ulcer .
Yes , just like Christmas in western countries , it is a time for eating lots of special food .
Things are going fairly well . How about you ?
Excuse me . Where is the Beijing railway station ?
Well , how about the Museum of Modern Art ?
No , I haven't seen those spots .
Well , before , I was the skinniest guy on the beach .
May I help you find something , or are you just looking ?
I've received a full scholarship , so I won't need any other money to live off while I'm studying .
Yes , I will have a cup of coffee .
In what ways ?
I'd like to buy some perform for my girlfriend .
Yes , I need this prescription please .
No , usually they're very busy .
of course ! You can't go to Paris without going to their famous art gallery ! I was surprised by how small the Mona Lisa was though .
Yes , sir . May I help you ?
For sure ! I didn ' t really understand some of the technical jargon they used in the film when they talked about social security in the US .
It costs only two thousand yuan .
Great . I ' m looking forward to it .
What would your colleagues say about you ?
This one will suit me best . What do you think ?
I prefer not to move first .
How will you ship the order ?
Okay , I will .
You'll find the cereal by the breakfast foods .
why don't you join us ? We are leaving next week ; you'll still have a week to prepare .
Sorry . I didn't quite catch what you said . There ' s a lot of noise outside .
The leopard print sounds fabulous . Are they a name brand ?
Only 15 NT per section . Oh look , that is your bus .
We are on the high way . I'm the * * .
75,000 per year .
My domicile is Beijing .
It's a lot better than soda .
Yes , we must . What have you been doing since I last saw you ?
Just a couple things , here's a list .
The job has a menu plan where you are given a fixed amount of money and you choose what you most need in terms of benefits .
It seldom rains this summer .
That's right . I think we all have much we can learn from each other .
thanks for those ideas . I ' ll get to work on them right away .
Let me know if I can do anything for you .
You mean you like to study English ? Why ?
How are you ? I haven't heard from you in ages .
He's very handsome , I think .
Our maths teacher is rather humorous .
Yes , it's nice and bright .
Now you know why I wanted to work for the Post Office !
Looks like you ' re going to lose out on this game then .
Do you like swimming ?
I know , I know . OK , so I have to separate the colors from the whites and put them in this strange looking contraption so called washing machine .
I guess the games I like the most are the ones that I'm good at !
Thanks . Now I ' d like to check out this book .
Did anyone get hurt ?
I was thinking of around 10,000 RIB .
Are you certain that that is what you want to do ?
I need to withdraw some money .
Six and a quarter , I believe , but you'd better measure my hand to make sure .
Oh , that ' s very kind of you . I am going to the Garden Hotel .
How about some coffee or tea then ?
You're right . I'll take them all .
Hello , is that 2896919 16 ?
Excuse me , could you do me a favor ?
that is to say , you like all genres except for horror movies .
Will the numbers mean anything to me ?
I don't think so . Michael .
Who won ?
no , there were too many people . When she got out of the car , her fans were all screaming , trying to give her flowers and ger her autographs .
These are from Mexico .
Oh dear , I ' m late . I have to be in the office by 8am .
Yes . you can The fitting room is right over there .
Hello , can I speak to Mark Wyatt , please ?
Yes , I do . They are about two miles away , right ?
What's so bad about it ?
On the contrary , Mr . London , we value your friendship more than anything else . We both understand our slippers are very popular in your market on account of their superior quality and compete - time price . And with the sole agency in your hand , there will be no competition and you can easily control the market , which would naturally result in bigger sales . I'm sure you can fulfill the agreement without much difficulty .
Your father looks much younger in the picture .
Do you think the weather will be good this weekend ?
Whew ! Thanks , Karen . That car almost hit me .
Thank you . I don't think there should be any problems , but just to be sure ...
Thank you for visiting our products . I remember that you are interested in our silk products and so , could I have a meeting with you this week to show you moreinformation about our products ?
It doesn't matter . Just do your best to sell yourself .
That ' s Charles .
What a hot day !
Yes . Here you are .
Okay , I guess that's it . Let's go pay for this stuff .
OK . I never forget it .
How kind of you ! Good-bye .
I know . And some poor guy that robs a liquor store makes $ 500 at most and ends up in jail for five to ten years .
Now that it is all over . can I go now ?
Maybe .
If the Phoenix beats the Rocket , it will enter the final .
No need to sweat it . My parents agreed to pay for most of the wedding , which is going to be low-budget anyway . So roughly four hundred people , which means that the hall at Northwoods Heights will be our reception venue . I thought it would be nice if we had the wedding at your parents ' church and my uncle of course would be officiating . We ' ll meet with him soon for some pre-wedding counseling . The music for the wedding ceremony was a no-brainer . My step-sister and her string quartet will take care of that . My cousin will be the official photographer . I thought it would also be nice if his daughter could sing a solo . Did you know that she ' s going to be a professional opera singer ?
How much did you bid ?
I'm usually drinking all night long . At least 10 drinks .
Yes , just a moment , please .
Is it a long run to the station ?
I feel exactly the same way as you .
Go ahead and use the mixer , but put it on medium speed . I'm gonna sift the flour and baking powder separately and then we can mix it with milk and the rest of the ingredients .
No , I need directions , please .
Let ' s cross here .
Sorry , I don ' t know . I ' m a passengers ' m waiting for my train ..
I've been thinking about this for a while now .
I think I just have to accept the fact that it's time for us to go our separate ways .
Yes , I am studying in Eastern Asian language department .
It's excellent .
It ' s all so interesting . I ' ll have to find more information about it on the internet . Or perhaps I should try and attend your geography class .
Mark , you really did a good job .
I received some leaflets in the post from you , one of them talked about a new service you have where you can transfer money between this bank and securities companies . Is that right ?
of course it does . Doesn't every new phone include a camera these days ?
Any other requirements ?
Oh , yes . Thank you . I'd be glad to .
My pleasure . But I'm afraid I'm not much of a dancer , and I suppose you dance often .
I hope to hear from you very soon .
You can either list your job experience next or your education--whichever is the most impressive should be first .
Oh , why didn't you say so then ? But I still think we've made a good buy .
Do you see anything that you like ?
Tom Cruise may be handsome , but I think he's a bit crazy , don't you ?
I'm glad that some of you get it , but let's go over it once more .
How did you know ?
Hello , Ms Li , this is Mr Peng .
I fancy going to Tibet for a few days . Have you ever been there ?
What are you doing to your house ?
Yes , ma'am . Here we are .
Altogether you have to pay $ 800 .
Certainly , perhaps .
Yes . And come here for tourism .
No , I've never heard of this song before . It's beautiful ! Who sing it ?
I saw it in this ad for apartments in today ' s newspaper .
How could I feel easy ? I ' m really pissed .
I ' m thinking of taking you back home . I thought we could have a nice evening , but you ' re always so negative .
What do you mean by us ?
So no more regret now ?
It's Valentine's Day . Come on . Just go .
Not really , so long as you follow all the regulations .
That is excellent , your investment proposal is a wise decision . May I have some idea of your suggestion ?
You seem to be in the seventh heaven . What's put you on ?
No , I have no girlfriend .
Are we going all out or just starting with a mini family vacation ?
Does it rain a lot in summer there ?
Well , it gives me money , but it's my own money .
Last but not least , we have a wide variety of condiments that we can add to our perfect sandwich . We can be subtle and just add a touch of salt and pepper , or we can combine mustard sauce , mayonnaise , ketchup or even caviar to achieve a stronger flavor ! It ' s always a good idea to cut your sandwich in triangles or manageable pieces to avoid all your ingredients falling out and staining your shirt !
Do you enjoy your work ?
Well , you should have thought .
I completely forgot about your cat allergy . I took care of a cat for my friend here a few days ago . Oh no . we'd better go to the doctor to get some medicine . Let's go .
You bet . I ' ll swing by after lunch , okay ?
Excuse me , would you mind taking a picture for us ?
Hi , I want to check out .
Hello , this is 5735647 5 .
Alright , sir .
Can we step into the conference room ? This is a more private conversation .
I absolutely love what you're wearing today .
Excuse me , waiter . Could we change our table for that one ? My wife is quite interested in the scenery .
It's very thoughtful of you . Wow , it is so beautiful . Could you tell me how American people celebrate Christmas ?
The requirements are strong communicational skills , management and work assiduously . And you have to handle the recurring crisis good-humoredly and discreetly .
Does the material stand washing ?
Yes , I ' m here to see Joanna Stevens . I have an appointment at four .
Do you have a benefits brochure ?
What a bother having to climb storeys home every day .
Did you ever see this kind of beautiful scene ?
Just go ! It's Valentine's Day !
Premium , PLS . Could you check my tyres , too ? I think they need air .
So does my father . I'm already used to it .
Really ? That ' s a lot of money to pay for one room .
We hit a couple of local bars , and met up with some friends . Everything was cool until Mike came along , and it turned out that it was his birthday yesterday !
We have so Ay ! But my favorite happens at Christmas Eve .
That's great . You can go take a look .
So what can we do ?
I will take your advice .
Well , I am just afraid they won't like my Chinese way of cooking .
Well , I'm no movie expert , but those special effects were impressive by any standards .
I can ' t make out anything , the words are too light . I thought they have already changed the toner cartridge this month .
That ' s where you ' re making a big mistake ! You can ' t just guess peoples ' likes or sizes ! Especially with clothes or jewelry . On top of that , I think that you should get your mom something that shows how much you love her . At the same time you should show her that you took the time and effort to look for something that she would really like !
You go straight on at the lights , but just past the restaurant building there is a small road to your right .
OK . My wife sent me a message and asked me to go home just now . I am leaving .
You know what . The theater guild is supposed to call me and discuss a contract for my play . They are supposed to call me this evening . If I don't have a phone . Oh , what can I do ?
Your 3 . 5 percent share is going to be worth at least a million .
I ' ll pick you up here tomorrow .
Oh , how dreadful ! I ' m ever so sorry .
Not too rare .
No problem . So how have you been ?
Yes , of course I can drive you . So you don't want to get your phone fixed right away ?
I ' ll be paying with cash .
ok . Hope it's a pleasant trip .
I am going to put a cuff on you to get a reading .
Just what ? Stop beating around the bush . Tell me what you want to know .
Well , maybe we could get it now and hide it until his birthday .
I would think this was the least they could do .
So . this is your first day in the new position . How do you feel ?
You know that my father is irritable .
I'm glad you like it . The bell is on the bedside . Just ring if you want anything . The room attendant speaks a little English . So I don't think you'll have any trouble .
Why am I always the last to know these things ?
Well , I think there's one across from the shopping center .
It doesn't look like we're on our way to Altadena .
Could I have your name , please ?
Hello , I would like a room please .
Would you please have a look at my report ? I hope the project meets your demand .
I'll help you , Lucy . Look at what I've got here . In this small bottle , there's a magic love potion .
Well , I bet you will love them too . If you need help , just ask me any time . I am in the next door . You can also reach me through the extension 508 .
It is so hard to prevent them from being stolen . I also got something this morning .
How would your colleagues evaluate you ?
Would you please wait a minute ? I will get one for you at once .
How do we get started ?
No . Africans and African-Americans are different in many ways . Our food's different , too .
Remember to vacuum the floor and dust everything .
OK , OK , got it . By the way , what about the vacation policy ? Anything changed ?
Yes , only one travel bag .
You're going to get into a lot of trouble if you do that .
That would be 346 Euro .
But I ' m just in it for the money , right ? How else am I going to be able to afford to keep taking Angela to the movies ? Besides , I love the smell of gasoline , don ' t you ?
No , it's the number fifty-eight .
Where are we going now ?
I heard that Ann had divorced .
Why not ! These orders are not urgent . We could do it first thing tomorrow morning
Did you eat something strange ?
Yes . It looks terrific !
May I interest you in some dessert ?
Yes , of course . Will you come with receipt ?
May I ask what the core value of the company is ?
Certainly , what time will you come back ?
Ok , I ' ll have it sent to you immediately .
Very good ! I'm looking forward to it . Please give my best regards to John . And I wish you best luck !
It has a built-in hard-wired memory , but I like to use the 64MB media cards that come with it . I can download everything onto the hard drive and then edit and enhance with different software . It takes fantastic pictures that I can either print out or E-mail to my friends .
Drink a lot of water and have a good rest . You'll be well soon .
We're on the same team here , Elvin . I'm being nice because we need to get along together .
Are you ready to order yet , sir ?
I'd like the first-class cabin for two . What's the fare ?
Which floor are we on now ?
We can't complain about the weather recently .
I'm sorry about that . What ' s your flight time ?
was it that crowded ?
Hello . Can I ask what steps I have to go through in applying for the job ?
Yes . At the end , we should conclude the letter with greetings .
OK . What about an evening riverboat tour ?
Oh look , they have some refreshments in here .
I just felt embarrassed if I refused to drink when people toasted to me . But if I keep gulping down one cup after another , I'm afraid I would feel unfit or sick .
The trash of the world he sets high price upon , but the heavenly things he shamefully undervalues .
Did you get any honors and awards at college ?
Who can't make it in your family ?
How were you sick ?
Yes , a suitcase and carry-on .
I see . Why did you choose our company ?
No , I ' m sorry . I'm going to meet some friends tomorrow evening . And I ' m too tired now . I have to go to sleep . Goodbye .
Nine is a great time to get started . I'll see you on Saturday !
Room service . What can I do for you ?
But Steven , why don't you ask for a leave ? ... Steven , why don't you speak ? Are you still there ?
Do you have anything to declare ?
Yes , if you consider 7-11 is a supermarket .
hello ! How are you today ?
So , are you enjoying the performance so far ?
You must have had a great time . Most children love to play in the sand on the beach and go swimming .
OK . Can I see the room now ?
Not at all . No hidden fees or surcharges , it is a flat monthly rate .
Definitely , I ' m really sorry .
That's nice . Having been here a little while surely gives you the advantage , eh ?
Sure , on the fourth floor is a recreation quarter . There are two swimming pools . One is Olympic standard size and the other one is for children . Also , there is a gymnasium for resident members only .
No , I'm going back to America to visit . I'm from America , but I don't live there now . I live in Taichung .
I made strawberry shortcake .
For protection . Some relics will turn to dust if exposed to air .
What's her last name ?
Absolutely not ! You are highly contagious ! You don ' t want to infect the rest of your co-workers do you ? I recommend staying in bed for at least three days and drinking plenty of fluids so yo
Don't you think I can save some bus fares since it ' s easy to go anywhere from here and it ' s near the place where I work ?
Sorry . No . You need to transfer to a connect flight in the middle .
Um , which of them is the better typist ?
Oh , congratulations ! Sounds like you ' Ve found your soul mate .
Well , as I said they ' re the industry leaders , they have a really great growth strategy , amazing development opportunities for employees , and it seems like they have strong corporate governance . They ' re all about helping companies grow and unleashing potential . I guess their core values and mission really resonated with me . Oh , and they offer six weeks ' vacation , stock options and bonuses ... I ' m totally going to cash in on that .
Hold on , don't move , I will take care of that .
It seems Americans are very passionate about sports . Is this just a part of your culture ?
Sam , I am so sorry . It was your birthday yesterday and I completely forgot about it .
I've never been better , thanks .
Great . How much is this going to cost ?
Um ... and what sport are we talking about here ?
where will you be staying ?
Yes , but when you send in your expense report , you also have to file a report summarizing your trip . It ' s not just a big vacation , you know .
I am going to attend an interview .
The stars look so much closer after it rains .
Do you think we ' ll need our overcoats ?
It's good , and it's easy to make .
Go back to sleep then , but only five more minutes .
Good morning . I want to post this letter . Can you tell me what the postage is ?
Oh , I see . I think I prefer a natural one .
I used to have the same problem when I was with my ex .
That's sad , but have you gone to the movies recently ?
that's right . I thought I'd come back to buy some more souvenirs .
Oh , my mother is a German , so I can speak German .
We'd like to rent a flat near the university .
But they're purple . I prefer a brown set .
That's great , exactly what I need to know . Thanks .
But it ' s Friday today . This road is always jam packed during the weekend , isn ' t it ?
It ' s just what I want . I think I am ready to sign .
Thank you very much for your evaluation . I also like this job very much .
People now like a small family composed of two parents and one child .
I don't know about you , but I'm famished . Are you interested in getting a bite to eat ?
At first , I thought it was me .
That ' s really interesting . you have to play for me some time .
yes , I graduated with a BA in English from Qingdao University .
We're sure we will . And welcome to our corporation next year . We're expecting you .
OK . How much is the deposit ?
Good , as long as you understand that .
How can we protect our patents and trade market abroad ?
No . You just have to stay here long enough to get some orientation . Then you go on practicing and learning outside . A lot of learning depends on your personal motivation .
I wish I could , but it's my mums birthday .
I think that jobs in the leisure industry will become more popular in the future .
Sure Paula , shoot !
Oh , I see . By the way , what shall I do if changes in altitude create pressure on the ears ?
James Cameron , of course .
Yes . And now I'm down to either taking a class I'm not going to need or considering a double major .
I want to finish my degree in four years . So I don't want to forget to take classes I need . I have a friend who has to stay in college another year . She didn't know until recently . There were some classes she needed to take to graduate . She didn't know about them .
Is it all right to smoke on the bus ?
Thank you for telling me that .
Well , I haven't thought much about this . I think it's too early to tell . What is the most important for me now is to do the best possible job for the company and learn and develop my skills as much as possible . If the company is happy with my work , then , I think I would like to consider other positions in the company .
Don ' t you think it ' s a bit cold for that ?
So they kept you at the station ?
Yes . The television is not working properly .
In cash . How much is the total charge ?
Well , since there are some small square tables , could we put two tables together ?
Yes , including a description of the shirts you want to purchase this time , the total amount of your order , the price for each piece , mode of payment , packaging , shipping time , insurance and compensation , claim and arbitration , and rights and duties for both sides . Are all the terms here satisfactory ?
Yes , it is . Hi , Tom ! It's a real surprise to see you here .
I'm fine . How about yourself ?
Room Service . May I help you ?
Yes , I have nothing to do .
Oh ... why ?
So , I want to recommend them for a raise . Fred is promoted to be the assistant of manager in marketing department and David to be director of office .
You speak English very well .
Good afternoon , Johnson .
Why don't you put it in your salad ?
Sorry , I really can't do that . There's little time left for us .
I see . I will try my best to do the job well .
Please ask him to give me a call as soon as he return . he has my number .
Oh , flowers ! What for , my dear ?
I am new to the work and I will appreciate your guidance !
What does a Chinese food have ?
My plane leaves at seven twenty-five .
Yes , just a little .
What colour is it ?
So far we have $ 2,800 , what else ?
Mark ? What were you up to yesterday ? I called you , but there wasn ' t anybody home .
I love history , but I ' Ve always thought that learning the reasons behind events is more important than remembering exactly when they happened .
yeah , why not ? We've already pigged out as it is !
I hope you like it .
You see , . This time I traveled to the West . When I looked out of the windows of the rain , all the lands that I could see are as dry as a bone .
No , thank you . Check please .
Cash , please .
Oh ! Is it too hot ? I'm sorry .
Let's leave 10 % , so that we at least leave something for the service .
Thanks a lot Ayden . Every little bit will help . Tell you what , if you aren't doing anything tonight , why don't you come over and have dinner at my place .
It doesn ' t matter . Go back the way you came . After about five kilometers , you ' ll see a hotel on the side of the road . It ' s a big one . You can ' t miss it .
Yes , we can have a picnic on the top of the hill .
That could be helpful . But when you go into a shopping center ... prices become very flexible . You have to be able to read the market .
They do , but they're a little expensive on certain items .
I don ' t slurp my coffee . And plus , how can you hear it when you ' re shouting into your phone all the time ?
Hey , daughter , let me ask you something .
May , could you tell me how to solve this problem ?
I think they do , but I ' m biased . They have a good manager and a great coach .
Well then maybe you should resolve to sticking to your goals and objectives .
( The speaker in the airport says , ' Mr . Benjamin , we now have a boarding pass by the name of Benjamin at Lost and Found . ' ) Is that me ?
I can't see Cortex on this floor plan . Don't they have a booth here ?
Maybe we can think of something somewhere between a chick flick and a horror movie !
Well , sir , your insurance looks good , but I still have to write you a ticket .
Yes . Let ' s hold a birthday party for him , shall we ?
This is my house . Let me show you around it .
Harry was angry last night .
Give it to me ... How wonderful ! He's coming to visit us .
I'm sorry . I must have made a mistake . I'll bring them for you at once .
Well , that's fine .
What if that happens to me ? I hate to let food go to waste .
A return ticket , please .
OK . What are your strong points ?
Yes , take your time , please .
I ' m sorry , but how do I know the subway train is going south ?
Oh , that's OK . Let's just meet at the theater before the show , around 7:30 .
Why are you arresting me ?
Thank you . That ' s the result of exercise . By the way , do you work out ?
He didn't say , but he said he would call me .
Thank you so much . You're an expert .
No , I can ' t give it to you , let you have it for 12 . How about 14 ?
Great . I'll see you on the 7th .
The New Bar is all techno music on Friday night . You really want to dance to that ?
I get it , and thank you for your honesty .
I guess you ' re right . I'll get a Herald as soon as I finish looking over the Globe .
Hmm . Let's see ... there was Good Morning , Vietnam , Dead Poet's Society , The Fisher King ... Three , right ?
You'll see . Oh , yeah , you'll see .
Hey , that's not fair . I did as much work as you .
I want to see a dentist .
Two people were injured .
Why don't we call them ?
I can't believe my eyes , Bill . Are you having a salad for lunch ? No hamburger ?
All right . Let's change it . Tomorrow afternoon at three . I am going to schedule it for that time and inform Mr . Liu about the change .
Do I ? Oh , no .
Can you give me some examples ?
( They get everything ready ) Here is a free table . Let's sit down . Help yourself to some fish please . Isn't it delicious and appetizing ?
Great , thanks .
no , we didn ' t . I guess you ' re right . We should patch things up .
No , I don't know where the bookstore is .
Very well then . Are mornings or afternoons best ?
Sure , no problem . Is your prescription ready ?
There are chemical materials , medicines , rubber , plastics and so on , many products and meet the domestic markets , we are also trying to meet international markets .
Don ' t worry . I will call Hanson , and ask him to help you .
Do you miss your old co-workers ?
Who knows ? You can't judge a book by its cover .
A slow sparrow should make an early start . You know , I am not quick at learning any language .
Sorry to say you failed .
OK , well , I'm going to Europe . I guess 1,000 USD will be sufficient for now .
Sure . A UFO is just a space vehicle from another planet . If you think about it , our space shuttles are UFOs .
Good idea , let's shop to we drop !
Dou you think I should join a basketball team , Mary ?
How much is all that ? I don ' t have much cash . Can I give you a check ?
Well , isn ' t there anything you want ?
The sun is shining .
Ditto , it doesn't look too expensive either .
Yeah , and all those fun summer sports and activities .
That sounds great ! Have you eaten ?
Wow ! Congratulation ! When do classes start ?
You'll find it easily . Make sure you add the class and then we will look at the roll sheet later to make sure that you were added on .
Are they going to be okay ?
Good morning , Mr . Montgomery . I've been sent over from purchasing to fill in for Clare Williams .
I think I'll get a hat , too .
If you don't mind , you can use my camera and leave your address with me so I can send you the photos later .
Next June .
Very well . We ' Ve got everything taken care of already .
Thank you for choosing Bruno's . We look forward to seeing you on the 2nd .
I can't believe it . I can't believe I fell into your trap .
Stop being such a baby . If it really hurts that much , just let them knock you out .
Then you can go to the three-day-long training camp first . There ' re some professional teachers and they can guide you to do certain necessary exercise .
I am Mormon , so I go to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints .
Well , they should have called you !
That ' s possible , but I ' m not sure it would really happen like that .
Well , it is hard to say . At least you need to come up with a good reason .
We really believe that you are a highly qualified person . But the other candidate has several years of related experiences .
But whenever we play , you just sit on the sand , drink beer , and watch the girls !
Did you see his face ?
Oh , you don ' t have to do that but it would be a great help .
I didn't know you had a cat . When did you get her ?
If you go to the breakfast aisle , you'll find the cereal there .
That's right , and turn left at the lights .
Thank you . How much will this cost ?
I don't know . What do you want to eat ?
If I survive the next six months .
It ' s harmful not only for yourself but for others .
Okay , so let ' s go over everything one more time . I really want you to get this job !
The Taiwanese won't have time to buy gifts in America . The chat room is more convenient .
Yes , we should .
Don't mention it . The thesis due date is coming , but my thesis isn't even close to being done .
Your son was acting up in class .
Yes . Does that mean I'll have to pay duty on it ?
Cool , we can take shuttlecock and badminton racket .
How dare you question my statement !
Is anything lost ?
It is . But there is no Frans Smith here . Do you know which department he works in ?
No , I don't have any plans to go to a formal dance any time soon , but I love the way it looks . I just had to try it on ! What do you think about this ? It ' s casual , yet sophisticated .
What position ?
Would you like to exchange it ?
That is a really interesting fact .
Well it was 3 to 4 , but Ripen ' s home run made it 5 to 4 since another player was on first base .
It may not be the best choice for me , but I am considering it .
Hello , Mr . Jones . We need to have a meeting to discuss our deal .
I can sign a contract up to a year . I don ' t know where I ' ll be after that .
Well , for example , The Wall Street Journal is very , very good . Even though it's used on occasion ( as all news organizations are ) by Ces or bankers who leak their mergers in advance in order to get a positive spin .
My pleasure , Mr . Green . I look forward to an excellent relationship with your company .
Well , it's quite different from the Chinese food .
Yeah . Earthquake is one of the most badly natural disasters in the world .
This is the last thing you need to do , but it may take a while for the papers to be processed .
Don ' t worry about it .
Where is our waitress anyway ?
All right . And would you like a salad ?
Nothing earlier ? I prefer flight at 9 thirty .
That ' s too bad . I hate sand storms too . It can be worse than any kind of bad weather .
You can buy the bubble wrap here , but you ' ll have to stand in line over here to post your package .
Good morning , sir . Have you reserved ?
It will be for business dinner . Reserve it under the name of Nova , the manager of Fashion Clothes Company .
Well . It ' s not all my fault , Anna ...
Yes , they loved the price , the delivery date was the problem . They just didn't want to cut the delivery date that close . If something went wrong and you didn't deliver , we might not be able to get stock in time for Christmas . If you could have been two or three weeks faster on delivery , they might have gone with you .
I see . What else ?
Mr . Green , I ' d like to introduce you to Mr . Brown .
Yes . My eyes are small so I want to buy false eyelashes .
I'm a little nervous !
I know it is not the cheapest on the market . But if you take the quality factor into consideration , you will find your company will benefit in the long term . This device is built in with the most advanced technology . Every aspect has reached the international standard . It is a worthwhile investment .
Mmm , that sounds very interesting .
Well , these mediums are still important ... they aren't a thing of the past ... But I think they might be less important now than in the past . The technology age has arrived !
Oh , o . k . Where ' s that ?
For a local call , just insert 35 cents in the slot and use it in the same way as your home phone . Inquiries are free from a public phone .
You are right about that .
No . I ' m a little worried about security . You never who ' s trying to find out your codes and passwords . Aren ' t you worry about that ?
Since this is a sizeable order , I was thinking you might give us a 5 % discount .
It's a private garden .
Mommy , dinner , please !
Well , sir , I was just hoping that I might be able to take some unpaid leave this year .
Fine , just fine . And you ?
Do you want to go to an Exhibition ? There ' s one of xinghai exhibitions hall tomorrow .
Certainly . Come and choose the cloth .
I've never done that before . Will I lose all my files ?
Oh , no ! What should I do now ?
Excellent . How is your English ability in reading and writing ?
In America , most gas stations are like this .
Well , most importantly the apartment is beautiful .
A friend and I are planing to go out , why ? what's up ?
Crazy is too kind . Insane is more like it . Nuts ! Wacko ! Psycho !
I don't know .
Could you please look at the five men in this line-up ?
Pretty good . I ' Ve just had my new poems published .
Yes . I am sure I can . I was an English major in college .
Do you think most families with many children envy or feel sorry for other families with only one child ?
Good . A wrapping that catches the eye will certainly help push the sales . With competition from similar garments producers , the merchandise must not only be good value but also look attractive .
Not Yet . Listen to me . Don't forget to take your ID card with you .
It's very dark in here . Will you turn on the light ?
Who do you think will be elected ?
O . K . Your name please ?
Credit card please . Here you are .
It ' s the same color . It ' s green , too .
Jessica is going back to Holland next week . I've been thinking a lot about what to give her as a parting gift , but I still have no clue .
Sure . 416-790-1256 .
Oh , very good . I will buy this one .
A little actually . My sinuses are a little blocked up as well-I really feel terrible .
You may be right , but it doesn't hurt to find out more about what's going on in his life .
You'll have to take a make-up exam in logic .
Of course ! How much would you like to spend on your meal ?
That is D-A-V-I-D , W-H-I-T-E .
Excuse me . I was wondering how to order office supplies .
I think there's been a misunderstanding !
Where is the fitting room ? I don't see it .
Good . Just bring it back and we'll total it together .
Well , I am gaining weight these days , and I have to watch my calories .
My name is Benjamin , and I live in Broad-Gate Street 2101 .
Then you will be in line for a doom .
I have to talk to you !
Certainly , please have a seat and roll up your left sleeve .
That's fine . Maybe you should be more careful .
Well , I know a little Italian .
Is it important ?
Then what about the wire ?
Admit it . You just think of Mussolini .
Yes , I do . This one is very old now .
I dislike my roommate . He really turns me off .
Yes , you have a good eye for materials .
Hey , slow down . I'll tell you more while playing .
How is this possible ? You are supposed to be talking to our stockbrokers and making sure that our securities and investments are safe and making a profitable return !
Just a second . I'll go get some . Then you need to send the file . Make sure you choose the right printer . We have a few here and you're hooked up to all of them .
I want a pair of enameled leather shoes in size 30 .
No , I'd like to go alone .
I attended Suzhou University .
My graduate school training combined with my experience as an intern should qualify me for this particular job . I am sure I will be successful .
did you know that few people can pay the rent on minimum wage , let alone pay for food and other living costs ?
Like me ? But you see I am so successful now . And if he is really like me , he will be more successful than me in the future .
I think I am extroverted .
I want to show my gratitude for your hospitality . And I believe me trip here will be meaningful and our cooperation will go deeper and stabler in near future . Through the communication , we can know more about each other . Thank you so much for your consideration .
Don't be silly .
Come on . Don't be so hard on yourself . Enjoy your life .
Yes , what a nice dinner that was !
ok , then count me in . where will we stay ?
But I prefer warm weather .
Well . My watch says five past two . But it ' s no use rely on it because it has been gaining and losing these last a few days .
Yes . When is the next train to New York City ?
Why is little Billy crying ?
I can do that . Do you have anyone that you would like to bring with you to the party ?
Have you found another job yet , Sally ?
Have you checked the database ?
No . The company pays for everything . Doesn't this sound very attractive ? This is why our company can always get the best employees !
And ?
You did a horrible job on my hair .
It happens quite often , actually . Whenever there arises a dispute between the union and the executive group , the first thing they do is to call a strike . Usually it only lasts a day or two before both sides can come to an agreement and we start work again . Anyhow , it's a nice , unanticipated holiday ...
I'm absolutely sure I'm right .
I can't believe it . My parents never beat me .
I ' m a bit worried about you going shopping by yourself this afternoon .
The black ball has to be the final ball in the pockets .
Actually , I study a lot less here than I did in Taiwan ! My classes are great , though . Sociology is the perfect major for me .
Are we losing or gaining a day on the way to America ?
That sounds fantastic ! But I am looking for something closer to the downtown , as I spend most of my time at the office .
I have to go now . I don't want to be late .
I think that it is around 600 .
Well , what about $ 8 ? Take it or leave it .
All right . ... What's the date today , please ?
Some of the scenes moved me into tears .
This way please . First , we should clean your face with our clarifying cream . And then we use the massage cream . Next do the massage . I hope that you can feel comfortable .
Do you think it will suit me ?
sounds good , and I don't have to queue up at the cashier .
Sure . How many would you like ?
That's it . By the way when can I get it back ?
It is so wonderful that this transaction turned out to be the satisfaction of both parties .
It's close coming up at the end of this month . That will be no more than 15 days from now on .
So do I .
This could become a very expensive trip to the beauty parlor !
And you're going to dust every piece of furniture in the house !
Yes , right , certainly . Here you go .
What about you ?
Yes , sir . We try to anticipate all our guests ' needs , including fitness .
I had a great time too and was thinking that maybe you might want to join me for a hike to the waterfalls on Saturday .
Pardon , where to , sir ?
What's the date today ?
Does tea-serving follow any special etiquette in China ? Each time I dropped in at my Chinese friends ' homes , their parents would offer me a cup of hot , strong tea , though they never inquired of me about whether I want it .
That's not so bad .
I need to speak to an attorney regarding filing corporate govemance .
I want to invite you to go to the movies .
Alright . At least that's better than sitting in a bar with your alcoholic friends .
I ' d like to try the salty ones . Where does that strange smell come from ?
Are you being served , madam ?
Ok . Take care .
Mr . Jackson , I've drafted a schedule for your business trip next week . You may have a look .
Maybe a fruit salad and a few different hot sandwiches at least .
Working for your company ! As the top administrative assistant in your firm !
David , what do you want to do after graduation ?
you need to take some breaks throughout the day . Studying all day isn ' t very usually effective .
It spoiled my painting !
I ' ll take this one .
OK . A reservation for eight at7 : 30 , Room 208 . Please don't be more than half hour late , or we will have to give it to other guests .
No , she ' s average .
I want my hair to be only a few inches long .
I am sorry , sir . But may I see your driver's license and insurance policy , PLS ? I have to give you a ticket .
Did you put the blue bin out on the street ?
Hello , Doctor .
This particular refrigerator is a very good choice .
Can you help me to translate these sentences into German now ?
They must be the most famous celebrity couple in Hollywood .
Are you kidding ?
I don't have an aspirin . Perhaps you should go to a doctor .
It ' s from NYU .
Wow ! It is huge and you can do many activities here .
No , thank you . I think it's enough for dinner .
Well , French was my best subject at school . I can read and write it pretty well .
What would you reckon the taxing increases ?
Kate , you know , I am thinking of getting a part-time job next year because I really need more money and I don't want to ask my parents for any more . But I'm so busy ! How am I going to work and study
Oh , yes , I worked there for two years , just graduated from college .
Mr . Mass , here is a gift for you .
Certainly . When do you want to travel ?
sounds like a good idea , but a band sounds too expensive .
Did you hear about last night's blackout ?
You can say that . But my band and I also sing regularly in several other places , too .
Oh , hop in .
Hmm . Is that true ?
Are you sure you didn't wear it this morning ?
Good afternoon , may I help you ?
Excuse me , how can I get special discount coupons ?
What a wonderful game !
Yes . It is just round the corner . Oh , can you see the London Eye ? Look straight and to your right .
That ' s right . Another thing to remember when you are surfing is that you can add a web page to your list of favourites . Your computer will remember the page and you can return there quickly next time
Why don't you begin by telling me something about yourself ?
Thanks a lot ! I will definitely do that . Is there anything else ?
If you could , please . That would be wonderful , thanks .
The skateboard does not pollute the air , either . It can be used as a tool to ride instead of walk .
Yes . She goes three times a week .
Yes , I am new .
Hi . This is the Customer Service . How can I help you ?
Which date would that be ?
Richard did , but I didn't . Of course , I told him I liked it .
And this is your company's head office ?
When you need an apartment , where do you look for one ?
Hi , John , this is Mary , your tenant up in Lincoln Park .
Have you been a class leader ?
My mom says it has a lot of fat . I also suggest you do not eat so many fried things .
For the night of April 18th , for one night .
I'm fine for now , thanks .
He made everything so interesting that the time just flew by . Do you know what I mean ?
Only one , please .
Drop 50 cents in the box , please .
I don't want to lose all my money .
Oh , we always go to the movies . Can ' t we do something different ?
My husband is betting on France .
You ' re welcome . The rain is quite heavy , isn ' t it ?
What about Mao Tai , one of the most famous liquors in China ? It's good indeed . It never goes to the head .
I prefer TV play to football .
OK . I will catch you later .
Oh , thanks . I wanna see the real you .
It ' s so unreliable . I ' Ve been late for my meetings all this week .
Mary sings much better than Susan , doesn't she ?
In fact , we are beginning to make preparations .
Absolutely . That's why I can always get a good price .
You moved to a new place ?
How did you spend the weekend ?
Excellent . So you'll have a good chance of getting it .
Could you fill out this registration form , please ?
It's pretty cold and it often snows .
No problem .
But I really needed to be quick .
That sounds all right to us .
$ 520 a month ? We don ' t often have apartments as inexpensive as that . We have one apartment for $ 599 a month , on Seventh Avenue . It ' s near the station .
Never mind that , I'll take care of it . Are you available next week ?
Give me a six-piece chicken nuggets , a large fry and a large Coke .
What about people who don ' t have a computer ?
Do you know how to play it ?
Well , it's completely changed my life .
It isn ' t too much .
So shall we have lunch together ? I ' d like to take you this time .
Is there something wrong ?
There are three of them , the Three Tenors .
What kind of juice would you like , sir ?
That's Cathy . She is pretty , isn't she ? She likes dancing . Ask her to dance .
I am going to celebrate my birthday with you all in a night club this year , what do you say ?
Oh , photography , It ' s really a good hobby .
Yes , we can handle that here . How can I help you ?
We did a survey on your job performance .
I drew a blank on the algebra test .
Inspection is to be done by the China Commodity Inspection and Testing Bureau . Usually inspection is conducted within five days before each shipment .
It's Cindy , you know that . Hey , Cindy , say hello to Maria .
Do you often go back to see your parents .
I don't want to be cooped up in my own hotel tonight . How about another restaurant ?
It's simple . Just press the button , like this .
That's fine . I don't have much time to waste .
Hi , can you tell me where I could make a copy of a document right now ?
Oh , I ' m sorry . But this isn ' t a no-smoker , isn ' t it ? I mean would you mind if I smoke here ?
1:00 a m .
Let me see ... it doesn ' t look like we have any information about your ticket here .
No , I'll stay here at the booth . I ate earlier . Are you going to the Chinese restaurant ?
But if he doesn't listen to the teacher carefully , he won't learn anything .
Which color do you like ?
I want to check out these books .
I ' Ve been to other Scandinavian countries , but not to Norway . Perhaps I should go and do some winter sports there .
Yes , a single , thanks .
Yes . The light in this room is too dim . Please get me a brighter one .
You think it's funny . I'm terrified .
Ah yes , that is a great refrigerator .
Since the internet isn't broken , your connection must be messed up .
You ' Ve got to be kidding me ! You ' re complaining about me talking on the phone when you go out for a cigarette break ten times a day to shoot the breeze ?
Now , move the couch around and turn it upside down .
What ' s your ideal job ?
When does the bus come ?
Say , I like racquetball , too .
Sure . We should probably pre-heat the oven right away , too .
It wasn't a dirty movie . There wasn't even any nudity .
I'm not sure . But I'll get a table ready as fast as I can .
What's your major ?
What kind of style are you getting done ? Can we match ?
What ever you say ?
How do you want your egg cooked ?
No , thanks all the same .
But the ref didn't whistle .
Jack , what do you think about the election ?
I am sorry you don't like it , sir . But that's just the special point of the dish .
I know , but I forgot to go to the bathroom before we left .
Cheers !
It's white gold .
Then what about you , Miss ?
And what kind of toothbrushes would you like ?
I like your new skirt .
For a local paper in York called the York Herald . Actually , I started with them as an intern in the beginning . I was really keen on getting some experience in the journalism , and this seemed like a g
I see . Talking with other people is very important .
Take some pictures of the thing you want to sell , then upload it onto line with a brief description about it and leave your connecting number . Then your stuff will be sold by auction .
Please hop in .
I'm not sure I'd want to give these people my credit card number .
Hey . Owen ! Have you gone on your family vacation yet ?
I ' m just not looking forward to cleaning it !
I think PCC is a lot better than here .
Here you go , thanks for everything .
From the numbers , it seems nearly half of the visitors who stumble onto our page pick up the link not from network browsers or search engines , but from our circular insert . That means our consumers are purposefully and actively seeking information about our products and services through the web format . Based on these findings , I am completely convinced the internet is the marketing power of the future !
It's a secret .
Are the animals caged ?
Really ? Can't you stay a little longer ?
Management isn't looking on the labor unions too favorably , I'd guess . I don't blame them ... labor unions can really put the squeeze on the executives .
I've really enjoyed your party , Lisa .
Of course , ma'am . Tell me where to go .
I can ' t decide what to do today .
A little , but not much .
Sounds good . Thanks .
OK , how about 12:30 PM ?
Don ' t worry . They are grown-ups .
Yes , the sun shines day after day . It's neither too hot nor too cold .
But I still love you .
OK , ma'am . Calm down , 15 dollars will do .
Thanks . And how are your parents ?
Indeed , it is .
Thank you .
I think I will do that .
I won ' t know anybody at that school .
Do you have any year-end benefits ?
Do you want to buy something here ?
Thank you , sir . We look forward to serving you .
Sure , go ahead .
Yeah , It was scary but exhilarating .
But considering the fine craftsmanship it is worth much more .
You , too ! See you tomorrow .
Looks like you ' re not going to get more than a bedroom in a shared flat with that .
It didn't sound like he was too upset , huh ? What did you tell him ?
Run around the track . In the morning I run for an hour , and in the afternoon I run around the building .
How short ?
American Express .
I think you have chicken pox ! You are contagious ! Get away ! Don ' t breathe on me !
I cannot let anything happen to that tripod . Can you guarantee it will not be damaged if I check it in ?
The meeting room on the Fourth Floor needs to be swept . Jerry and Tom will help you at that time . Any questions ?
Good morning , Emma ! A lovely day , isn't it ?
What systems have you worked on ?
Really ? I love eccentric people .
I won't argue with that ! Let's go !
It doesn't matter . Forget it .
I am really not sure .
Thank you . Your cash back is $ 13 . Pull into a parking space . And we'll bring out your fries in two minutes .
Whoa .
Taxi ! Taxi ! Could you help me load these luggage in the trunk ?
Oh , I must have been sitting in the same position too long . My legs have fallen asleep .
Oh , I see . Where's Mexico ?
Susan ? What brings you here today ?
I don't really feel like a walk .
No , nothing in particular . Thank you .
Yeah , you are right .
I see . Well , there ' s no rush . Please send it via priority mail . Please be extra careful , the contents of the package are fragile .
Ah yes , I'd like to book two rooms for myself and my father . Could you tell me the cost of a single room per night ?
Video tape breaks down after fifteen years . So if he collects a lot of tapes , after fifteen years they will all start to rot .
Do you take in students ?
Well , thank you very much , Mr . Sun . I'll let you know the result of the interview as soon as possible . Goodbye .
May I work in sales department ?
What are we going to do ? I can't get the car out of this ditch . I'm stuck !
That's true . For various reasons , it takes more to hold a fierce game for Winter Olympics than it does for Summer Olympics . You know , the low temperature may cause many problems .
Well , I ' m going to write a letter of complaint .
I guess you could choose that if you wanted .
Your daughter should get straight A's from now on . Good-bye .
It really depends on when and how long .
I'll take it , I'd also like to buy some chocolate .
I am going to give you an end-of-the-unit test this Friday . Please be prepared for it .
I see ...
How long was she employed with your company ?
Adding in your expenses , I calculate that you can spend three hundred thousand on a house .
My friend Jane is very beautiful .
I thought I asked you to clean your room earlier .
Pretty much . The land rises and falls only a few meters . The southeast , the hills rise to a height of a few hundred meters . There are mountains over 1000 meters high in your country .
Marcia and Paul called to cancel at the last moment . Paul was running late and Marcia wasn't feeling well .
Where can I take it ?
I'm not sure , you know I'm not familiar with the city , too .
Yes . We don't want everyone to burn their mouths and have a drink gallons of water ! OK . I ' m really to do the meat . Should I cook it over a low flame ?
I thought you had trouble with Clive !
Why is a DVD better than a VCR ?
I understand , I guess .
It's Nugent , N-U-G-E-N-T , but just call me Ted .
Fine , thanks .
The radio says it'll be fine .
I can see people who are walking on the sidewalk . I can see cars driving on the streets . I can see the sun shining and beautiful flowers dancing in the wind . I can even smell the scent of flowers and the freshness of the air .
Why not start with the most interesting one ?
Great . What do you suggest we see ?
Ok Chloe , can you please breathe in and out slowly for me while I listen to your chest ? You really are all bunged up , you don ' t sound too good at all . Ok , I ' m going to set you up with a bunch o
I came to your store yesterday and have come back today to make a final decision . I think I like the black leather suite . It ' s on sale , isn't it ?
If it's convenient for you , Mr . Wu would like to invite you to the banquet in honor of you in the evening .
I stayed in L . A . and it was sunny the entire weekend . We spent most of the time at home but we did go see King Kong on Christmas day .
Yeah , but scented tea is now in fashion .
It was great to meet you last week at the conference . I really enjoyed our conversation about foreign investment .
Can it go in an envelop ?
You could always get a burger , and I can get a pizza .
Good morning . Is this where I can get a library card issued to me ?
that's why I like department stores more . Shopping at a wholesale market like the locals is one of the few things I am unable to grow accustomed to .
Indirect sources include contaminants that enter the water supply from soils or groundwater systems and from the atmosphere via rainwater .
Yes , I've looked everywhere in my room and I can ' t find it .
Then shall we make preparations together ?
In China , it is impolite to look into the senior speakers eyes while speaking . But in Western countries it is the opposite . Eye contact gives a strong feeling of sincerity . Looking downwards or sideways shows that you are either insincere or absent-minded .
You don't sound too excited about going to your reunion .
But supposing your son killed like the fish , what do you think then ?
Tuesday night is when we need the reservation for .
How come you have a locker but I don't ?
Would you like to go to the bookshop with me ?
That ' s a little expensive .
Ok , I will bring you photos as many as possible .
We're having some friends over . What are you doing ?
Just a little . Has your toothache gone now ?
I hear they have very nice stuff .
I was going to cash it at the hotel , but one of my friends said that banks always give better exchange rates .
Our car is in the parking lot . We've booked a room for you . I will take you to the hotel soon . Let's go .
You always work too hard , Jim . As the saying goes , all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy . You should spare some time for a rest .
That's my wife !
Hand-baggage is not to be weighed , sir ... I'm sorry , sir , you're 25 kilos overweight . I'm afraid there'll be an excess luggage charge , sir .
It's simple . All we do is prepare some food , usually sandwiches and some fruit , and give it out to them at the soup kitchen .
Is this Mr David Richton ?
But I am only half a person as you and they charge both of us the same price tickets .
Excuse me , do you know the shortcut to the Lincoln park ?
I would like to book a table for six tonight .
And Merry Christmas !
I know . This is terrible . What can we do ? This snow doesn't stop falling !
Oh John , I thought we said we would start eating right ! Remember ? Our new healthy lifestyle ? That ' s all junk food !
Unfortunately , I missed a chance to see a classic movie .
Oh , I don't need to do that . I'll be staying with friends
I don't see much difference , anyway .
We have Volkswagen , Pinto , Plymouth and Datsun .
Good , you are welcome .
Well , I don't think I want it .
I asked if there was anything I could do to help his family , and I told him that I could be a shoulder for him to cry on .
Now we get along very well . It makes me feel that I'm someone special .
Take care , Peter . Don't run so fast . Are you tired ?
I see . What you need is one of our Petty Consumer Loans .
What's all the security check about , Jimmy ? Does it mean the bar may be a dangerous place ?
He's still pretty sick .
Well . They may ask you to tell them more about your educational background and your working background .
That's right . How nice to see you again .
soup always makes me feel better when I'm sick . I hope it makes you feel better , too .
Sounds dangerous .
OK , I see . Thank you very much .
Fine , well just send the form to us and we will let you know as soon as your supplies come in . Have a good day !
Don't worry about it . I need to have something done about those bushes .
Luckily that was nothing serious .
We will be checking for blood sugar , cholesterol , and white blood cell count .
Yes , arm , I'm 23 . I've been working abroad , I'm um ...
By Loco invoice , the price includes only the cost of goods at the warehouse of the seller . By FOB invoice , the price includes the cost before the cargo is delivered . By CIF invoice , the price includes all the expenses of cost freight and insurance . The price in Franco invoice includes all expenses to destination .
Wow , my son is so clever .
Oh , I see . Thank you very much .
Do you like a package tour or to travel alone ?
yeah , I know , but I find these sorts of things hard to say . They won't like it if I tell them to turn off the TV . Now I just hope the show will end soon .
Sure , I have to go anyway . But the first place you need to go is immigration office . They ' ll check your ticket , passport , visa and immunization record book . After that we can go to the baggage claim area .
No , early saturday morning .
I couldn't agree more .
A double room sounds great .
I'll take your temperature . How long have you been feeling ill ?
yes . The sliced noodles they offer are among the most authentic Shanti cuisines .
So let me show you some of our DVD players . In my opinion , DVD is the wave of the future .
That's true . But I just love it . Come here !
You can go and ask your father .
Yeah , that's fine . Next Friday at 12 at Garden Hotel . I'll look forward to it .
So , now I need your help again , if you don't mind . I'm taking a date to a restaurant .
Thanks . But it's necessary for me to buy a TV set .
What do you think of your own qualification ?
How about the cinema ?
Probably . People's consumptive habit is changing rapidly because of the internet .
I got the message . I am quitting .
if you're worried about money , the cost of living is lowest in America . However , if you go to Oxford University , you'll probably be able to get any job you want in the future .
Hey man ! Everything is just groovy baby !
I don ' t know . I don ' t mind coming out here for a while , but that will get old pretty soon .
Yes . You've got to cut down on bread and potatoes and take more exercise .
Hey , Ann . You don't have a pen , do you ?
The price seems acceptable . Can you supply the bedsheets now if we order some ?
I hope this won ' t be our last meeting .
what do you mean ?
Since last night .
Just save the receipt and we will gladly return or exchange them for you .
My hard drive crashed .
sounds good . I'll see you then !
Mr . : The school has three lunch periods , and the kids are divided into three groups to go to lunch .
Yes , you can find hundreds of various animals here . It is the biggest zoo in Taiwan .
You should make a salad like that .
Is this the right bus for the Grand Hotel ?
Excuse me , do you go to the Central Park ?
At least you know what American women generally like in a man .
Well , pretty good .
Wait a minute , My uncle lives in Beijing and he lives very close to theatre . I ' Ve telephone here and ask him to go to theatre to require it . We ' d better have breakfast now . and meet him later .
The one next to the telephone .
I don't think he'll like it . He prefers simple styles .
If you want to ask for leave , you should get the approval from the manager in charge of your department .
Yes , I'd like to know how to use the library . You know , I'm a new student here .
There's obviously a problem with your connection .
C'mon , don't blame me ! I thought it was a new camera . We could use it . We were even thinking about buying a camera . I don't understand how he could have such a perfect-looking box .
You could get him a tie .
Well , we have some nice sugar .
Economy , please .
It's 500 dollars , not including ground transportation fares between the airport and downtown .
Okay , I'll get the car out of the garage .
Wait ... What !
I was told my girlfriend was speaking ill of me . That ' s a real let-down .
I want to be here tomorrow . What are your business hours ?
Not right away , you need to decide what it is you want to do . The next thing is to select the service .
Well , I ' Ve looked over your resume , Mr . Peepers .
At 7:30 p . m .
Oh , Mary , come in , please . I'm so happy to see you .
Believe it or not , I guess American women like a man in good shape , which Chinese women may not care about so much . That ' s my honest opinion . I know you have been trying very hard .
No , you can not . It is dangerous .
Yes , what's worse is he can't take any further part in the game .
What are we doing ?
What do you do on that day ?
At 8 o'clock .
I will be all right soon . I was terrified when I watched them fall from the wire .
But Dad , I should be working full-time at my age . I'm nearly 17 .
Roast beef , of course . That's what I ordered .
Your passport , please .
It sounds easy when you say it like that . In reality , it ' s harder to make peace between countries .
Oh , dad , I'm not a child . I'm 17 already . I'll come back as soon as the film is over .
All right . Can we make it another time ?
That ' s right , once a week . Do you want to order some pizza ?
I'm glad you told me .
Quite well , thank you .
Yes , it's me .
Thank you very much for telling me all these things about the college .
That would be perfect .
She is really pretty , isn't she ? Her skin looks so baby-smooth !
You shouldn't have used the machine . Did you lose your money ?
Is she fine now ?
Great ! Can you set the table ?
Pretty good . What brings you here ?
The food there is wonderful .
Not yet . Can you give me some suggestions ?
Why don't you give them a suggestion ?
No , I think that's all that I need .
It's getting late . I'm afraid I have to leave . Thank you for a most wonderful evening .
Well , I still hate having a curfew .
Thank you . That's enough .
That ' s very generous of you . I guess that would work .
Well , I don't want to take any chances . Besides , cartons are easy to cut open , and this increases the risk of pilferage .
I'm getting a little short on cash . Let's just window shop a little .
Good day . Is this the Business Centre ?
I went on a trip with my family last week .
I'm completely lost . I'm looking for the Empire State Building .
Just let me sleep five more minutes .
But I also want ya to do me a favor .
not much . I had to pay an unexpected bill , so I needed the money back .
Oh , I have to check . Do you need anything else ?
pretty well . I don't know if I'll get the promotion or not , but I feel good about it .
Good morning . Could you tell me the times of trains to London , please ?
Is it possible to get a beer ?
What subject did you major in at university ?
Better take the subway . It's far quicker and more convenient .
Check , please .
Don't worry . There are so many people . We will join the touring party .
I'm going to sweep the floor first .
Certainly . That shouldn't be a problem . Tell me , do you have a Basic Account with us ?
Certainly , which color do you want to dye it ?
Apparently , you have a bench warrant .
You know , I think it would be better if I could pick it up in three days .
No , not for a few months .
We may be sold out of them . Let me check the back . ( The clerk goes to the storeroom , returning a few minutes later . ) I'm afraid we're out of stock . Would you like a rain check ?
Ok , now could you fill out this registration form ?
Then , I am sorry to say I must regretfully decline your offer and seek quotations for the other suppliers .
So you're a big fan , eh ?
Ok . I'll keep my promise .
Thank you ! I will . When and where will the dinner be ?
I couldn't have asked for more .
You don ' t believe that ? Everyone interprets the Bible in a different way . To some people , the Gospel 5 is a source of much comfort .
Those floor lamps are very nice and you can vary the brightness according to whether you ' re reading or watching tv . How big is your living room ?
Hey , May , how are you doing ?
I haven ' t decided yet .
Yes , you can . The best way is to first select the company you want to buy from , then we can help you to do it . Do you have a Current Account here ?
yeah , but personally , I hate bargaining . If I bargain , I might come to a lower price , but I will never know the true price of what I am buying ; and I always have the feeling that I am overcharged at th
Really ? What jobs are they ?
It might not be the most efficient , but if you think about it , it makes pretty good sense . The stockholders are our investors . They own the capital in our company , so they should have say about what is done with the company .
Kate , what do you like to do tonight ? Do you often go to the movies ?
So go then .
Yes . Babies under six months are free of charge . We offer 50 % discount to children under 7 . How old are your children ?
Great . Well , the main issue here , as you can see is that our expenses are through the roof .
I'm glad to hear that . What impressed you most ?
Hmm . I have only one best friend .
Thank you . The change , sir .
Oh , hi . Thanks for getting back to me quickly .
Yeah , and I love your cooking .
Regardless , all you had to do was give a call .
If necessary there will be . Any other questions ?
Now that I look back at it , it wasn't that big a deal . I shouldn't have lost my temper .
Alright . But will we sing ?
YY's ? That place is boring . How about Xara's ? It's real classy , and they keep the place spin and span .
What ' s wrong with you ? Why are you scratching so much ?
Yes , I have , and three times in total .
Good , let's go for a drive .
Maybe several weeks , maybe several months . It's hard to tell .
Thanks very much and you're very eloquent .
That ' s great .
Oh , to rent .
May I please speak to Robert ?
I wonder if it is possible that we organize a dinner party for all the colleagues in our departments . They are working very hard these days . Maybe it is time for everybody to relax a little .
In the downtown , near the square .
Home run by Okapi ! That puts this team ahead by two as we are at the bottom of the fifth inning here at Richie Stadium !
Yes , I know I am excellent , but I pay no attention to the etiquette you ' Ve told me .
In that case , I won ' t keep you . Remember to give me a call .
Mary , I think we should stop seeing each other .
No problem . We'll give you both calls .
bye !
Well , last night I had a big argument with Ann .
I don't want to miss it today .
it sounds like you've got a perfect plan .
I want to open a checking account .
It's right past that last building on the left . Do you want me to go with you ?
The order was in good shape when it left out factory .
As you like .
Thank you . I'm going to bed .
It means he ' s really badly injured , but he will almost certainly survive .
Well , my dear . I didn't believe either . But got it straight form the horse's mouth . David called me this morning .
I love flowers , you know . Thank you very much .
Will you be paying some of that off today ?
Are you crying ?
No . I'm still single .
I hear many people here speak French .
Very good . If you enter this company , what department would you like to work in ?
Yes , all these dishes are different " dim sum " dishes . You can't find this kind of thing except for in a few cities in America .
OK . What sort of agent , exactly ?
Like what ?
I major in Japanese .
What took so long ? I thought your flight was supposed to arrive 3 hours ago !
It ' s true . But I can ' t show my abilities .
Let me see . Oh , yes . We have your reservation number .
What kind of room would you like , Ma ' am ? We got single rooms , double rooms , standard rooms , suites and deluxe suites .
Right . We'll ship the goods according to the agreed time schedule . Last , but not least , the inspection is to be carried out by Houston Commodities Inspection Bureau , which is final and binding on both parties .
I have a driver's license , and two years of driving experience .
May I ask you a few questions about insurance ?
I guess so . So what do you do around this time of year ?
Yes , and there are many houses nearby . I like it that the neighbourhood isn ' t full of apartment blocks .
No , I haven't began my preparations .
I appreciate your understanding .
Good . Let's take a look !
I have no idea there was that great of deviation between the two venues ... To make our products sell , we have to take the target audience into account .
Love me , love my dog . He ' s a sensible kind man .
Yes , that happens .
And what about the number of people on the streets ?
Would it be convenient to see the room ?
I work at a hospital .
I teach mathematics at a college . What do you do ?
Has the train come yet ?
You can get that type of apartment for around fifteen hundred dollars a month .
Not only does it centralise management , it also increases the efficiency of funds . We have testimonials from various companies who are very happy with the service .
Excuse me , may I have the bill , please ?
I want it taken from my checking account .
It ' s my mother . She ' s fond of swimming . And the man beside her is my father .
Most of our customers are foreigners . How many foreign languages can you speak , Elizabeth ?
Hi , have you got the exact number of people who are going take part in this activity ?
Yeah , my name is Nandu .
Don't make a fuss . The price is rising
What position did you play ?
Who ' s your favourite player ?
Excuse me . When's the next bus ?
Yes . I am ready .
Sure that sounds great ! Are there any other fees ?
I only had nine little problems here . Other than that , I enjoyed my stay , and I loved the city .
Could I ask the company for the housing ?
Yes . I have written for several top newspapers in the country . I'm also in the process of writing my first novel .
I wonder if you can help me . I'm looking for a room .
When can I do that ?
How regular ?
Did you go to the Magic Kingdom ?
Hi . are you new here ?
Huh ?
Can I have this prescription filled here ?
They are just been in friendly , when you are in Roman , do as the Romans do , that means you need to adapt to your enviroment .
I try to adapt myself .
Then he must be opening his heart to the friends . In a word , as long as you demonstrate a readiness to drink more in spite of already suffering extreme discomfort , no one will jeer at you .
Have you noticed what has changed ?
I want that .
She is now in a private school .
What does he look like ? Is he handsome ?
Are you having a problem with it ?
Not really , they just don't want me living at home . My older sister did that , and she lived at home for seven years . Once she started living at home , it got harder and harder for her to move out .
More than one . I think the count is now three , if I remember correctly .
Do you have any plan to buy a house in this city ?
Are you free this evening , Li ?
Mon and I got in another fight , Boris .
Oh dear . I wanted AUD . Is that not possible ?
All right . I'll make sure and remember .
What would happen if they started attacking you ?
Hi , Dr Evans . Thanks for seeing me on such short notice . When I woke up this morning I had a really sore throat and a really bad cough . I think I am coming down with the flu .
I'm not exactly sure , but it's not that expensive at all .
I wish you the best of luck .
Here you are . Ms . Stevens is ready for you now . I ' ll show you to her office , right this way .
Are you an art aficionado ?
Of course it is . In fact , I'll even take the course with you if you want .
Congratulations on your first voting day .
Great , thank you .
I'm fine . Thank you .
There's some paperwork , but most of the time we put the information into our computers . Then we can send information to each other by email or across the network . Do you work in a cubicle ?
I am Liu Yi , from China XYZ Company . I ' d like to see Mr . Thomas , please .
Thank you . Do you have some other colors ?
Why don't we go shopping ?
It always hurts . I hate going .
Can you speak English ?
It ' s easy to say , but I will try .
Oh look ! What a great little bib for the baby ! This will definitely come in handy ! Oh wow , you also got me a stroller ! That ' s so great ! Thank you !
Are you out of your mind ?
Glad to hear your voice , David .
I heard it ' s a very good movie .
But I like its color .
In particular , I'm interested in marketing in the domestic field .
Yes , on a business trip . How about Yuu ?
The least expensive , but still fully functional . And we think that your factory needs to take measures to improve quality-control .
just today . I guess I forgot to mention it .
I'm not sure , but I think so . I'm very exhaust but I can't sleep .
$ 90 .
No , thanks , maybe another time .
What is the difference ?
I need to get my internet fixed .
would you like to learn to tango Donar ?
I just did what I should have done .
Can we have two a joining double room , sir ?
You mean you got working experience , right ?
Sure , I ' m heading out myself . Enjoy your evening .
Oh , I got it . It simulates the real supermarket , which makes it feel so real . Mom will love it . She loves shopping in supermarkets .
Great , the price for that permit is thirty dollars ; cash , check , or credit card ?
Wow ! You're really working up a storm !
I don't see anything wrong with it .
Where do I get off ?
What kinds of questions did she ask you ?
If I placed an order now , how long would it be before I got delivery ?
Wow . What fillings do you recommend ?
What's your best price for that item ?
What should I do ?
I'm really sick of you .
Is that right ? This sure beats the old one ?
I haven ' t seen you in a while . How have you been ?
Sure ! You should do anything you can to improve your English .
There is a long list of those things forbidden , including explosives , gum opium and precious cultural relies and so on .
That was my second time . The first time , I was in a car accident .
Can I draw my tax back here ?
Are you still working ?
It's nice and bright today , isn't it ?
Wow , it's already 10:00 AM . He must have been up late last night .
Did you read the news that ' China's property prices rose at the fastest pace in 18 months in December , ending the year with rising fears of bubbles in the property market ' ?
How may I help you ?
Oh , Jack ! That's wonderful !
Fine . It will be at my house . Do you know how to get there ?
Well then , I'll keep you in the loop . Thank you for your help today .
How long will it take ?
Off hand , I'd say the Reader's Digests is my favorite .
Hello and welcome . How may I be of service ?
It will give rise to occasional insomnia . OK , let's enjoy the tea before it gets cold .
That is great . Everyone says French food is wonderful .
Sure . We'll be there in a few minutes .
Let's just rent one this time . The AC is broken in the truck , remember ?
Yeah , you never look at the positive side of things .
What are you going to do there ?
Bingo ! I never thought about that before . I am working so hard and my accomplishment is significant , you know .
Fine . We provide a company car for our consultants .
How's the weather there today ?
Why have you changed your job so frequently ?
Never mind . Let's go to the falls and try again .
How should I take this medicine ?
I won't be long . No more than ten minutes . Why don't you go ahead and I'll meet you in the park ?
Can you make a suit for me to order ?
Is skating interesting ?
He is in the bedroom and fallen asleep .
Very good . Now , tell me a little bit about your work experience . I see here that you previously worked at Oracle .
You can keep the cat , but you should keep it away from me .
Ok . Choose the card which you like best , and fill in the following blanks with both your and your friend's names and e-mail addresses .
Next is a ballet performance , but who is the dancer ?
Yes , it has . We ' re going to target the business community through business magazine .
What fruits are in season right now ?
When do the playoffs start ?
I have been working as a paralegal for the last 10 months through an agency that specializes in the legal field . My experience has been supporting attorneys in the field of labor law , where I have been able to apply my paralegal education . I was commended on my ability to take information and break it down into usable facts . I really love research and analyzing facts . My major in college was English , and as a result , my writing skills are my major strength . I am looking for a position where my research and writing skills can be used .
Please wait a minute , sir .
Really ? You must like tango , right ?
Please take me to this address .
Last time I wore extra small was when I was in fifth grade .
That's not a problem . You can use that service wherever you are , it doesn't matter which country you are in at the time .
My vote is personal .
The weather is good now , but I think it's suppose to rain this afternoon .
My parents used to love to play checkers and dominoes . We used to have family tournaments every weekend .
Alright . If you can bring it to me tomorrow morning , I can talk with you after class on Friday . So I'll have some feedback for you before the weekend .
No way . Her old man is rich . He buys her anything she wants .
No . That ' s everything . Thank you .
We have this beautiful platinum pendant , or you could also get her a locket . You could also get her a timepiece -- it ' s both glamorous yet functional . If you tell me a little more about your girlfriend , maybe I can help you find something for her .
I have a leaky pipe .
Excellent . I see you have the 18th century poetry class for next semester . And the modern novel class . You haven't taken a Shakespeare class yet .
Hello ? This is Steven . I'd like to speak to Mr . Brown , please .
Don't you know ? Tomorrow is Father's Day .
I know what she would like---some whitening cream .
I am working in a small company where further promotion is impossible , so I decided to change my job . I'd like to find a job which is more challenging .
Is the view going to be ok ?
Circle or stalls ?
July , 2006 .
No , you ' re kidding . I ' m not taking it seriously .
Julia , I saw two men fighting beside our door this morning .
Hi , is this Sue ?
She has blond hair and blue eyes .
I like the freedom of summer with no school .
You are right .
So who does he think he is , anyway , I can't believe the way that my boss has been ordering everyone around lately , I mean , it's now like he is the CEO , or anything .
Does it have questions about foreign language films ? There's hardly any American films worth watching .
Well , they ' re older , and they don ' t understand today's fashions . When they see someone dressed like that , warning bells go off . They don ' t like that style at all , and they don ' t like dealing with people who dress like that at work .
Sure , what ' s up ?
I won't .
Why are you nervous ?
Yes , of course . Is American Express okay ?
All right . How about this black skirt ? It can be worn for anything---a party , a job interview and even a funeral !
Yeah , you need to take advantage of it within its expiry date .
I certainly hope so , I am about to stop doing business with your office .
Where is Stanley ? It was his idea to have the bachelor's party at a ETV , wasn't it ?
They are already working three shifts a day to step up production as new orders keep pouring in .
What breakfast foods ?
Your job includes paper filing a lot . Anc you will have to check and fill the stationer cabinet regularly . Besides , you have to reserve the meeting room in advance if the are any important visitors .
You got that right ... and my mom's still mad about what we did with the dishes .
But we ' Ve only been on the road for ten minutes .
Yes , but I doubt if I get it . I've never get it .
By who ?
Is the wooden case strong enough for transportation ? You see , 100 boxes of pliers are very heavy . It's about 2,400 kilograms .
Tomorrow night , then ?
You never know . Maybe he's just an innocent , lonely guy ...
The child must feel very longly . My younger brother is 10 years younger than me . Before he was born , I used to be the only child and always dreamed that I would have a younger sister or brother one day .
I was doing quite well at college . I completed my MBA degree in international trade with first-class honors .
I'm always interested in how , but seldom pay much attention to who .
Yes , sir . I remember it . But our Chinese usually celebrate the New Year on lunar calendar .
Well , we have a tradition in my family ...
Please wait a second . I'll get it for you .
Really , well , OK . Get the receipts out .
OK . It ' s delightful to have a walk in the park with the air so fresh .
Oh , Sam ! Is this your dog ?
I'll pay cash , thank you .
Did somebody hit you ? Or did you just fall ?
I'm going to get a snack .
OK , let's get the ball rolling on this .
And take a good rest for a few days .
I think so . Aren't the four Cs , cut , clarity , carat and color .
You ' re welcome . Have a nice trip .
I hope before the end of the month .
Nancy Brown . My phone number ' s 709 678 5634 . Nancy Brown .
Friday sounds good .
Of course ! I am very interested to know how my child is doing and also get some insight from you as to how he can improve .
No . But I ' m sure she is a good girl . My sixth sense tells me so .
What ' s wrong ? Slow down or you are gonna give yourself a heart attack .
About two months . I didn't pay much attention to it in the beginning , but you see , I got fired this morning . I dozed off while we were having an important meeting , right in front of the boss . I was very embarrassed .
I will . See you later .
Of course . Here you are . Can I take your order now ?
I'm not sure of that . Do you know ?
Well , I feel a little tired .
If you'd like further information on this , there ' s a guidebook in several languages on sale at the information desk .
Welcome to my shop next time .
What ! That wasn't a foul ! C ' mon , ref !
That's a big question . Well , if you are in love , maybe you ' ll take every opportunity to talk to her or telephone her for no reason at all .
I know that . You don't have to tell me that . That's my problem . I know I have the right to work for the university . That's legal . But they don't have a job for me . And it's illegal for me to get a job elsewhere .
Can I read it when you're finished ?
What did David do yesterday ? Did he and Judy go dancing ?
Oh , no problem . Here's the lid that comes with the pan .
It's too expensive . Can you come down a little ?
it's a kind of rice ball that is made in Malaysia . What about you ?
Exactly five dollars .
Yeah , yeah , yeah ! They wipe out tight , tired feelings and remove lines and age signs . Blah , blah ... See , I can even recite it .
We scored six goals .
I picked up guitar at an early age , maybe around 8 years old . Afterward , I taught myself by listening to some records of top players .
Would you prefer our cocktail -- Shanghai cocktail ? It's a mixture of real Chinese ingredients .
That was quick .
Why do you stop me ?
I'm afraid I can't I advise you to try again next year .
Sure , sir . Have you brought the cloth ?
I don't think I forgot anything .
I'm Greg Wu , Head of Consultancy . I see that you'd like a credit check done for your company . Is that right ?
That sounds like a sensible plan . Do you want me to help you with your job search ?
She feels you gave me the freedom to be able to assist her and she appreciates that . Come on , Let's indulge her .
She's far better than my old boss . He didn't know how to express his opinion without putting at least one other person down .
Good morning , Miss .
What's this then ?
Right . The climbing property prices has become a headache for Chinese residents .
Why aren't you at work ?
You won't believe it , but it was really cheap .
But what's a movie without munchies ?
Come home late one more time , and you'll find your stuff outside .
What lovely weather !
That is awesome . Congratulations ! I know you can make it .
Thanks , they are rather attractive . But I think there is nothing better than seeing things In actual operation .
Good . I was thinking that I ' d like to invite you to watch a movie . I can meet you at the cinema gate .
That is good . He can leave you alone this time .
I love it . It's so festive ! And where did you get that cup ? It's got the same logo as the car .
Hi Mike , how are you doing ?
How many years have you had the drivers license ?
Hello , this is Steven . Is that Mrs . Wang ? I'm just calling to follow up about the status of the personnel manager position .
Are you planning on voting ?
We are on our way . I think our first stop is Buckingham Palace .
No rush . You can give it back whenever you have it .
Good morning . I'd like to buy tickets to Paris .
I will call them this afternoon , thanks .
The Giants are up by three points because of the field goal they kicked , but the Redskins have the ball and there pretty close to the end zone .
Yes , I've got it .
no , but I'm sure I'll get better soon .
I hope to major in English literature , but the admissions counselor told me that many people change their major many times in their first year , so we ' ll see .
Oh , I was just thinking about getting a bite to eat . Have you had lunch yet ?
Good . Thank you very much .
I suppose you need the whiteboard set up .
Sure . Can you get it yourself , it ' s in the refrigerator .
Hello , Daniel . What can I do for you ?
I had no idea there were a set of instructions . I thought everyone who could solve it were all geniuses !
I've never been , but I may start shopping there .
I asked you if you wanted some help .
Yes . If people can not communicate with each other easily , they can not understand each other's way of thinking .
If you like , but now we have to think about meals and many other things .
You are so pessimistic ! The Olympics is a great opportunity for athletes to demonstrate their speed , skill , agility and strength . Most people hope to see someone from their country win , but I think that they are just happy to see good performances by any athlete .
Yeah , it ' s 30 percent off the regular price .
Do you value a steady job more or one that offers a chance to move ahead ?
I have a high fever and a bad headache .
What time would you like your table ?
And not expensive either .
Never ! He ' s over 80 , isn ' t he ?
The day after tomorrow .
That's the transfer completed . Can I do anything else for you today ?
I want to say goodbye to everyone .
Which language do you speak ?
No , he walks . He likes walking . He meets some of his friends at the corner another go together .
That's right . On the other hand , a WA policy covers you against partial loss in all cases .
Good . So , which is your top choice ?
You know , although we've chatted twice , I've been thinking of you already .
It is my pleasure to see you off .
Yes , it ' s still under warranty . Over the last few weeks , it ' s also been making a high-pitch noise when it ' s in use .
Why don't we spend this vacation earning our tuition ?
Certainly . It's right over there .
I'm very hungry , Donald . What can I eat ?
Which stop do I get off on ?
My condolences .
hey , Lily , what are you doing ?
Really ? I am glad to meet you .
I'm sorry . What's your name again ?
yes . Last Sunday I went to a nearby market . It was on open-air fair . I chanced upon this bag and bought it on the spot , without even trying to strike a bargain . I paid one hundred and twenty . And just now I was told by my Chinese colleagues I bought it overpriced . I could have talked my way to thirty .
It's getting late , Mary .
I've not known . Perhaps , I've got a bad memory .
Don't have some relation with him . You know , he is not a kind man .
Really ? I have been told , by another bank , that it makes it difficult if you want to investigate a company which is registered outside China .
Then , you are to walk to work .
Would you like a shave ?
The office is in front of you as you cross the quad . The signs in the hallway will tell you where you need to be .
It took three of us to move it .
What about if we order a large amount of exercise books ?
A few guys even threw a drunken fit last night , crying hoarsely and bawling whole heaps of nonsense that I never understood .
Certainly . How do you like to have it made ?
They're doing a seventeenth-century program .
Who was the professor ?
We went to the coast . It's really a nice place for camping , really good time around the fire singing and dancing .
Yes I am . I got married five years ago .
But my father did not . He didn't have much time .
I hope it stays like this .
Sixty two cars . Oath . Do they know how many casualties yet ?
I got on about fifteen minutes ago .
I see . If you lived in an old house , would it be decorated in a modern way ?
It ' s that popular ?
What school did you transfer from ?
Perhaps people should stop eating animals . We could grow more crops .
Oh , no . I would never look for another job while working here . I think this is a fantastic place to work .
Sure . I've reviewed all the lessons I have learned this academic year .
That's right . You won't have that problem with DEL .
A cold-wave , please .
Is the girl in red your girlfriend ?
Yes . Did you forget ?
Have I really got to do those exams again , Dad ?
Things change every minute .
Where are you going this summer vacation ?
About 2 o ' clock in the morning .
Would that be a Fixed Deposit or a Current Deposit ?
Mr . Smith often talked about you .
Will I be getting any help ?
Alright . I'll send someone over tomorrow .
She said I couldn ' t until I had my birth certificate . Here it is .
Ok , who is that girl ?
Is it under warranty ?
What kind of things would you like to see on the menu ?
May I leave message ?
What part hurts ?
We cover the insurance and half the transport fee , and only have a discount of 4 % .
I had fun talking to you .
That makes sense . Probably less time to make dinner and the junk food is cheaper .
Oh yeah ! Almost forgot ! I need to take fundamental linguistics , consumer psychology and neuroanatomy .
How about coffee down the street ?
Ah hah . Thought you were't drinking .
Do you have concert halls in your city ?
Now , that's a price that I like .
That'll be lovely . Where are you going ?
Yes , it seems to me we have come quite a long way . However , let me take a close look at the final draft .
Hello there ! Come on in ! Don ' t just stand there ! Come and take a seat !
That ' s right . Another thing to remember when you are surfing is that you can add a web page to your list of favourites . Your computer will remember the page and you can return there quickly next time you want to visit .
Would you like to book a table , sir ?
Technically , yes .
Why did the teacher criticise Myra in front of the whole class ?
I'm afraid it's too hard to wash off the stain .
I got a raise .
Yes . It's very convenient and the price is even lower .
Oh , I know it . It is included in extreme sports . I think it's too dangerous for me .
do you like playing games ?
Let me see it ! It's so small !
I don't need to leave until the very end of class .
What's your title in the company ?
Does this hotel have a pool ?
By subway .
He is so humorous .
All right . Let's see when the next movie is playing ?
it ' s a beautiful city , but I think it ' s become too touristy . How about going to a cosmopolitan city like Shanghai or Hong Kong ?
I am thinking about resigning from my current job .
Some high speed chase scene , I think .
actually , could I have some milk with that ?
Then stay away . Nobody's keeping you from doing that .
I can't wait ! It sounds like we're going to have a great time . How much money should I bring ?
Good evening , ma'am . May I help you ?
Thanks for your compliment ! Perhaps the Chinese culture as a whole has a special inclination towards aesthetics . Do you know Jin Yong ?
Pretty well , I think .
Congratulations ! What's your normal handicap ?
I ' Ve cut it upland come to the conclusion that hi is actually sick of Jenny ' s brother . But he likes Jenny . She is a big apple in his eye .
You can take a 15 - inch Pro home right now for only $ 2,100 .
Well , I like to play the piano .
Could you tell me what university you want to go to , John ?
I'm surprised . He does't look like a guy who'd ever cheat on his wife , does he ?
How long will the trip take ?
So how have you been ?
A playpen and crib ! Thanks Carla ! This is just what I needed !
Of course , come in .
Yes . Are you ?
Probably nothing .
I already know . Start cooking .
Are you the loan officer of this bank ?
Hello , Frank .
How many payment methods are there ?
Okay , thanks very much .
Oh , your hand is still sore . You should put some ointment on it to stop the swelling .
I suppose that in a foreign country it was difficult at first , wasn't it ?
Good news ! I ' ll be glad to . When do you need it ?
Is it a family thing or just friends ?
Thanks , dear . I feel so tired after a whole day's work .
You're Mary , right ?
What do you think of your personality ?
I think I need some iced water , too . Is there an extra charge for that ?
Hi , Walter !
Well , did you want to go see a movie with me ?
I'm working as an export sales staff member for a trade company .
It is not easy to improve my English .
Housekeeping , may I help you ?
Thanks . And of course , could you fill in the exchange form ?
Which one of these is the gas pedal ?
I would like to know the state of the residential property market right now because I have an apartment to sell .
What's this city famous for ?
We're in big trouble , Jason . Nick is beating us by a long shot .
I ' m excited to speak to a candidate .
OK . Just wait where you are . I'll send someone up to help you .
Of course I know . I once attended Lisa's class , sitting quietly at the back of the classroom .
What did you do last night ?
Why don't you go to see the Empire State Building ?
Whoa . Now I'm awake ! Zina has a secret admirer .
I think you can say your seventh great grandfather ! Cutie ! What's his name ?
Yes . The language is hard to learn , but it's interesting .
Yeah , though I don't think her acting skills are that great .
That's a good idea , except I want to go out , not stay in . Something else , maybe ?
Yes , please . I'm hoping to get a mortgage from you and was wondering about your interest rates .
Sure it is . Is it convenient to get there by plane ?
I know . However , Jazz always annoys me . I really don't enjoy music in a movie .
I see . You've caught a bad cold . I'll give you a prescription .
I like the new shirt .
By the way , there's a barber shop in the shopping center , too .
Summers is hot and usually lasts a long time . Winters are short , but cold , wet , and windy . I love the summers in my city , but I hate the wintertime .
Oh , that ' s alright .
I have one ten-day tour that is still available . It will depart from New York on December 24th .
I want to send this package to Los Angeles , please .
No problem . Step in , please .
After you .
Would you like any tea , dear ?
I almost did ! Actually , I don't know that much about coffee , even though I sell it .
Hi , United Airlines ? This is Elizabeth parks calling . I have a reservation on the 2:30 p . m . flight to Shanghai this afternoon .
Do you think management should fire someone just because they gossip ?
Sure , I've had the steak and the lobster before . They're both very good .
Is this dress made of pure silk ?
I see . And does your son have a VCR now ?
Do you know who that tall man is ?
Yes , actually it ' s my second visit . I was there last October .
I ' ll do my best .
Good morning , Mr . Wilson . I ' m calling to confirm the date of the next interview program .
Sure thing . Do you want me to give you a ride home ?
Yes , of course . Would you like to make an inspection tour of some factories ?
Could you look for me ?
Yeah , I'm eager to learn Chinese , but it is too difficult for me .
What is on the program ?
Absolutely . With your expertise and experience , you're clearly working below your pay grade .
Well , have you heard of Peking Duck ? it's a local specialty .
Red restaurant . Do you want to make a reservation ?
Yes , I did .
At what address , sir ?
Sure . Show me your receipt , please .
Just a moment , please . Oh , yes . One twin and one single . Is that right ?
Just fine . I say . Aren't you busy tomorrow evening ?
It ' s the same in Balloon . But I definitely think we over-tipped the cab driver . The fare was twenty dollars , and you gave him a five-dollar tip . That ' s twenty-five percent of the total ! Too much !
I'm Li Ming from CITS . Glad to see you .
Thank you . Here's your key and receipt . Your room number is 408 . A porter will take your luggage to your room . The elevator is just around the corner .
Do you have a package that includes all the movie channels with the basic channels also ?
personally , I think it ' d be better to go when you have more time . A few days isn ' t really enough to get acclimatize yourself and to go on a few excursions outside of the capital .
How should I dress for the party ?
You must have seen some other kind of bird .
My last name is Foster . Thank you for the reservation .
Well , I didn't leave the turkey out at room temperature for more than a an hour and I refrigerated it soon after we finished eating . Also , when reheating , I put it in the oven for fifteen minutes at one hundred degrees Celsius .
They're probably up front . The preacher's about to speak . Let's listen .
Not at all . I was born in Madrid , but I came to the States when I was a teenager .
You do ? I just bought this outfit a couple days ago .
Yes , 20 yuan for each .
Well , any bank will cash it at our present traveler's check buying rate , for which we ' re somewhere cheaper than hotels because of the service charge . You see , hotels really aren ' t in the money exchange business although they will cash traveler ' s check for their guest .
All right . Could I have it gift-wrapped , please ?
Sometimes we even spend hours discussing our collections .
No . Everyone has a chance to correct his or her mistakes . The most important thing is to be responsible for your work .
How nice it is here .
I see . So if my little family goes to America , I would end up taking care of my child all the time . My husband would have to make the bread for us . I just don ' t know how I would get some education and be able to get a job some day .
All right , all right . I understand .
Do you have medical insurance ?
Well . Obviously , you won ' t want All Risks cover .
Don't lose this receipt , because insurance companies are very difficult about helping when they don't have the right paperwork .
No , thanks . I'm in a hurry . How much is it ?
I realize that . We don't have anytime to waste . I can put you down for 9
Yes , I could sing it when I was very young .
I'm back . My bid on the Buddha is still the highest !
It doesn't matter right now , either one would be OK .
It's a pleasure to meet you . My name is Lucy .
What's your relationship with the victim ?
I buy a national newspaper sometimes , buy I nearly always buy a local evening newspaper . I find the local news more interesting than national or international news .
I made an appointment for a perm at 3 o'clock .
Great , let's go !
The ad said rent was thirty thousand . That includes utilities and phone , I assume .
Yes . Well , I think I'll go get lunch . Will you join me ?
I'm sorry , sir . But this is the self-service pump .
What is the rate ?
May I please speak to Tom ?
No . I'm busy then too . I'm meeting Dorothy Heath at North Bridge Road . Are you free on Thursday afternoon ?
What about the quality of the pictures ?
Here is your ticket . Let's get in the museum .
I'm sorry sir . I can't let you pass .
I ' d like to , but there ' s her boyfriend . He ' s very broad-shouldered .
Because you're from a foreign country . The school needs to find out how good you are at both basic skills .
I went out with Leo last night . It was really exciting .
Five hundred and thirty yuan altogether including charges for service .
You're in luck today because the roses are on sale .
Dad and mom ?
Maybe you need a vacation or something , or maybe a bonus .
Yes , I ' ll pay for the call . Put her through , please .
Hello , is that Miss Lan ? This is Nina with Huawei Corp .
But how can I prevent a deficit ?
She's a real turn-on , alright ?
Organic ? What ' s organic ? Do we need organic carrots ... ?
I like current affairs programmes and documentaries , especially wildlife ones . How about you ?
My boyfriend says I work too much . That I spend more time with you than with him .
Thank you for reminding me . Well , please give me a glass of brandy and I will pay for it .
Do you want to study together ?
Why not just give them money in red envelopes ? That would be much easier .
Yes , for the most part . It doesn't feel as bad as my other ailments , anyway .
How long have you been studying English ?
The radio has too many comerials .
Excuse me , I am a transit passenger for flight PB965 , can you tell me where to go ?
And where are we going to go ?
Thank you so much for interviewing me this evening .
Just a minute please . I ' ll make a call to the HR office .
Oh , no , that's way too heavy a pan for me .
The statue has for a century acted as a figurehead for the American Dream .
Hold on a sec , his name is David ?
The more you work , the more you earn .
It ' s about time .
I just wanted to tell you what a great time I had with you at the movies last week .
Flight 198 . Fortunately , there were few passengers .
Let's see . I had the salmon starter which was  5 . 90 and my Pizza was  8 . 25 .
Hey , Leo . How come you look so terrible ? What ' s going ' on ?
You can super-size your meal for only 39 cents extra .
Really , hmmmm . Erm , well , could you perhaps tell me a little about yourself ?
part of the motor is loose . I can put it back in place quite easily .
It is hard to tell . Maybe it is because you're not resourceful enough to be a manager .
What were you thinking ?
How could it be ? They are due two weeks later .
Sometimes it's difficult . Some words look different from the way one pronounces them .
You're welcome . Have a nice day !
One thousand yuan , please . By the way , what is today's exchange quotation ?
Are you ready for a second ?
I bet AC Milan will lose .
Really it depends on my mood . When I am sad or depressed , I like comedies . If I'm feeling good , I'll watch almost anything .
That's the most important thing .
Here are our F . O . B . price lists . All the prices in the lists are subject to our confirmation .
Bill , please .
Unfortunately , yes .
It takes about 3 minutes per person , so it ' ll probably be about an hour ' s wait .
Good morning ! May I help you ?
Ah ! Not on me ! Ow !
Alright . We can go later then .
What's your email address ?
It looks nice .
Is Ms April Wang available at the moment ?
I'm sorry to say " No . "
I got it . Mary Lin .
Sounds perfect . I'll take the pink one . Can you pack it for me ?
Sure , I ' ll have a Corona .
you haven't spent much time with Sophia lately . Are you speaking to each other at the moment ?
Thanks . You too !
Well , trains are frequent and come on time .
Our quoted price includes the software system , installation , 3 day training seminar and ongoing troubleshooting . There are no hidden costs .
That's what I understand .
Dinner ? Where ?
Thank you . I'll wash them .
Umm , I think I would be hard to find something in that range in this area . You know the environment in the south mountain district is the nicest .
Ok ! You know you're always welcome here . Did you enjoy your stay ?
Take your mind off it . Look , Crys . This magazine is on China's top ten beauties !
My goodness ! She is thirty seconds faster than the world record in 5000 metres race .
I'd like a coke .
I agree . And some cartoons are entertaining even for adults .
Your dog is really cute . What's his name ?
No , thank you . They are already tagged with my name and address .
It's such a hot season , isn't it ? May I suggest thinning out the top ?
So you are leaving two weeks from now ?
Are you nervous about meeting up with your ex , Femi ?
Yes , next March .
OK , guys . Here's the plan . Get the ball to the goal , and keep it away from Rich and Taylor !
That would be easy .
That sounds good . I've missed you my friend .
No , I ' d rather go out . The Chinese food here is rather different from what I had at home . Maybe we can try some other food today ... What about that all-you-can-eat place we passed the other day , the one over in the shopping center ?
How have you been getting on with your studies so far ?
Have you ever gotten a parking ticket ?
But it will be expensive to have a car in the city , won't it ?
Yes , I will . I should learn more from you . After all I am green hand on it .
In that case , let me tell you about some alternatives .
One dollar . Drop it in the box . Move to the rear of the bus . There are plenty of seats in the rear .
Okay , You are such a good talker .
Come on . You just have it once in a while , not every day . It will not harm you .
Jack and Stephanie .
only about 5 minutes .
It looks like some kind of mistake .
Pretty soon cars will be driving themselves .
No problem . We want a minimum of 1,000 dozen of men's shirts and a minimum of 3,000 dozen of embroidered shirts . Can you guarantee continuous production and adequate supply ?
That's different . When I'm working , I'm in a different frame of mind . But , when I even think about asking her out , I get tongue-tied . At least in a note , I can get the words out without turning beet red .
I guess so .
that ' s true , but my supervisor is very dishonest . There ' s no reason he needs to tell our boss the truth . I ' m sure he will tell our boss that it was all my fault , and there ' s nothing I can do about tha
The owner apparently is selling this place to make way for the construction of a parking lot .
It would be better if you watched out for yourself . I might forget .
Yes . And you ?
Oh , it's really beautiful , but I just can't dance it well .
Where are you from ?
Of course , sir , I'll have a look in the back .
It's none of your business .
Yes . What do you want ?
I guess I will get water .
Be brave , sir . It won't be long . I will fill out the form for you . What is your name ?
You can deposit an initial amount of five dollars .
I like the sight and the sound . It worked on me like a magic when I was a child
That's great , here you are . This is my passport .
I stayed up last night .
Do you need a single apartment , or is this for two people ?
really ? I didn't know that would be possible .
Really ? That's unusual for October , isn't it ?
I noticed your absence in class this morning .
Nothing . The people at the bottom give their money to the people above them , and they get nothing . They end up losing . That's why it's a scam .
Well , how about fifty percent discount ? If so , I'll buy that fur coat .
It's August the thirteenth .
How many people are there in your party ?
Yes . The lights were out all night .
Let me wear you this diamond ring .
May I use your phone ?
I'll take this one .
Oh , sir . I lost my passport .
Of course I do . I love it . All the games are exciting and the competitors are respectable .
Excuse me , I'm a little lost . Which bus do I take to get to Shi Da ?
Let's do that .
Look who you get to sit next to--Tim from purchasing !
I am not sure . You can search for them on the Internet .
I think you know that you have to make the best decision for you . Enjoy your year !
Did you call me ?
Hey , don't forget to buy a suit for me .
I think the most important is that you need to show the employer that you are qualified for that job .
He makes me sick .
It ' s Mike , her boyfriend .
Good morning , Janice . Our office will hold a welcoming party in the evening , so I will allocate you some assignment .
I had a drop too much last night . I attended a banquet given by a Chinese colleague of mine . And it was startling for me to find that people are forced to drink against their will on a Chinese table .
Don't rub it in . Where am I going to put this huge thing ?
I think the biggest environment problem in my country is air pollution .
You ' re in America now , my British friend . We just call it football .
You haven't heard about it ?
You're right--Italian ! Ha ! Ha ! I was trying to trick you , but you didn't fall for it !
How about Saturday morning ?
I'll have that too .
You can check out two books at a time . But you can't check out newspapers , magazines and periodicals , they have to be read within library .
Well it can be but Shanghai is much warmer than London .
What exactly did you do at that company ?
The marriage only lasted about a year .
Oh , sure .
No , should I have ?
It certainly is . But the work is also hard here . You need to put a lot of long hard hours on the job to succeed in this field .
I need the police .
Don't you hate fighting the crowds on the weekends ?
Well , thank you again for coming to see us . But just remember that we like people who join the company to play in the company sports teams .
Buy more and get more special discount coupons .
Your intention is good , but I still can't agree with you . If no one would like to share it with you , you have to pay it all by yourself .
OK . Mr . Wang , may I send a room attendant to check it for you first ?
Did you hear something ?
I enjoy oil painting . I learned it in one of my extra classes in college .
You can find one at the ticket office .
Sure . I will .
I'm sorry , sir . Exactly what is the problem ?
So do we have to stay in this English class forever ?
Because men like to cheat .
It's taking you forever to do my hair .
Yeah , I am of the same opinion .
Yeah , beautiful sunshine , pleasant scenery and many new friends
How are you able to work at the polling place ?
So you wanna stay here ?
Dad , I haven't thought about it . I'm still young .
I am confused a bit but I am sure that I can figure it out .
That is exactly what we're looking for .
Poor guy ! It's not fair . You forgot it too .
This is unfair .
Yes , I understand the numbers .
This paper absorbs water so quickly !
Yeah , I know , but I find these sorts of things hard to say . They won't like it if I tell them to turn off the TV . Now I just hope the show will end soon .
I would like a single room with a bath for two nights . Can you help me to reserve a hotel room for me ?
OK ! Would you like to recommend some for our reference ?
Yes . How are the Spanish classes going ?
Yes , I think so . I ' d like to have one medium steak , and a bottle of wine .
Oh , thank you for pointing that out . By the way , have you been following NBA for this season ?
well , women are the ones giving birth . I think it ' s fair to give them more time , don ' t you ?
Cow while Boots .
It ' s on Tuesdays and Fridays .
Straight , I think , and about average length .
Why would that be funny ?
I am afraid that is not acceptable . Your contract says that you will deliver a product with a reject rate of less than six percent .
Ice cream , please .
what a pity .
May I ask if there's anything wrong with it ?
see . Here is the money .
Details ?
Would you be willing to help me do a few things on the day I move in ?
No , I live alone in a flat near my work place .
OK , we will send a repairman to your room right now .
Oh , no ! I can't have failed . surely ?
You're right . But if I get too thin , my mom will make me go to the hospital again .
How is your house hunting going ?
You know what , last night I almost got hit by a vase falling from the third floor .
I see . Do you love pets ?
Yes . I can lend you some .
I appreciate that .
There is a new coffee shop opening up down the street .
We have a runner on third and up at bat is Brian Okapi ! There ' s the pitch , he hits it ! It ' s going , going , that ball is gone !
What's the weather like in winter ?
I think Tom might have been nominated for one of his films , but I don't think he won anything .
Did you see the information on sales for last year ? The sales review was made at our last board meeting . There's a great news for our shareholders .
Why do you like that type of music ?
Is there a bonus system or any other incentive plan in place ?
And why not ?
Hi Sam .
John , you look pale . What happened ?
Very good . Perhaps you'd like something else to go with the roses ?
Hello ! Could I speak to Sheerly Lim please ?
All right . Yes , he does . The registration fee is 7 yuan , please .
If you need to cancel your appointment , please give me a call !
Can I have your key and room number , please ?
No , I'm not sure where they sell nice bedroom sets .
You aren ' t going to a strip club , are you ? I don ' t want you getting a lap dance from some stripper with the excuse that it ' s your friends party .
And then ?
I think that they should pay more tax . Look at the damage they cause to the environment and people ' s health by discharging all those exhaust fumes .
I feel exactly the same way with you .
Good morning , sweetie . You finally got up .
That's a relief for me and a misery for the children .
You say your products are aimed at the green consumer . In what ways are they environmentally-friendly ?
We play either Tuesdays or Thursdays .
Why do you want to leave the company ?
Yes , I want to have a photo .
Hey ... as long as I ' m not alone on a Saturday night , I don ' t really care what I do !
Perhaps you can tell me a little more about this .
I am not convinced by your explanation . Could you explain it ?
I am having an exam at 9 o'clock , It's already 8 thirty .
That's good . Is the location easily accessible ?
Can I board the plane now ?
Oh , no , Nathan , I ... I really think we've bought this flat at the right time , you know . Market prices are going to go up , and I think you'll find in a year or two it will be worth a lot more .
Give me a quart of light oil .
Aren't the trousers a little too long ?
Yes , sir . We'll be there shortly .
I just want to study in a college , majoring in economics . I've had this dream for a long time .
If I were you , I would not put crime in their doing these thing . We should encourage our children to do what they like , so long as they are not far off track .
Thanks a lot for having us . We had a good time .
The sales rep had a green note pad just like yours . He said everybody at WebTracker used them .
She definitely deserves 20 % for a tip .
Of course I'm right . I already told you the rule for Las Vegas . Remember ?
Sure . There ' s a lot here in this pamphlet .
There you go .
Really ? What can I do ?
Thank you . Will you be paying in cash or by credit card ?
Come in , come in , what can I do for you ?
You are authorized to borrow up to 20,000 RIB , with a repayment period of up to 1 year .
Are you crazy ? What are you doing four hours online ?
no , I'd definitely try to restore it to its original state . I love to imagine what it'd be like to live in another time in history and living in a house decorated like it would have been 200 years a
Your hand is bleeding . What have you done to it ?
I'm a little nervous . I have never flown before .
You see , that means when anything is up for renewal , we do it automatically and you don't have to physically come here to sort it out . All you need to do is sign here and we'll set it all up for you .
Do you think it is a ~ got give your brain , use it if you really cannot accept it people touch your head , keep distance from them , why not just wear your big flyby hat and ~ is anyone get close to you .
O . K . See you .
I'm so sorry . We ran out of filet mignon . May I suggest the porterhouse instead ?
Really ? Generally they will turn out to be a good thing .
Do you have a park in the city ?
I don ' t know till now .
Now , you can do it via our Atms . It's convenient and easy to use . And we have 4 machines in this branch , so the queues are not usually very long .
Can I be of any help to you ?
I'm going to graduate this summer .
Do you have enough money in your checking account ?
When is your Adult College Entrance Exam ?
No cheese .
Please dissolve the powder in hot water . Soak your hand or foot in it for 20 minutes twice a day .
Yeah , and it's bigger than ours was .
Oh ... that makes me excited too !
Brad , it's her birthday . Let's get her something really special .
Could you tell us your specials today ?
Today is your birthday . First of all , happy birthday to you !
Do you know who Ammo Hung is ?
Let's see , Mr . Horn ... The doctor's schedule is full today . Would tomorrow be all right ?
Good luck !
He's over sixty .
You should go to the counter , just over there .
Would you show me your ID , sir , please ?
Really ? Why we must have warm and fresh water ?
Let's change the stomach , I mean , the subject . How about some food ?
what are you doing ?
Bring those upstairs and put them in the bedroom .
Ok , wait a moment please .
Yes . After so many years of hard work , I ' d rather I had an office of my own .
why don ' t you use a different font the headings ? They ' ll be more distinct .
Though he's not the one who can get the highest score , yet , on the whole , he is comparable to the best .
I don't think so . There ' re so many familiar characters and they sound just like Chinese .
Yeah , you'll find it there .
We could contact alumni who work for large , well-know companies . They might be able to arrange cheap advertising in exchange for some free tickets .
According to the records , your reservation is for a single room with shower and air conditioners for two nights . The room rate will be 110 dollars per night , including 10 % tax and 4 % service charge . Is this right ?
I'm glad to hear that .
Artistic tapestry is the highest expression form of the rug weaving art . How about these ones ?
The only reason I want to see it is because I have seen the previous five .
Are we all going to drive together ?
150 yuan for each piece .
OK , Madam . We are here to help .
Thank you for taking care of it so quickly .
I would advise you to enjoy the dish while it is hot .
sometimes it can be hard to tell , but if you know the person fairly well , you can usually see from their expression what they are really thinking .
Anyway , it's my ideal coat . I'll take it .
I was caught in the heavy rain , or I would have come earlier . I am sorry I kept you waiting .
That ' s the flower girl and the ring bearer . I ' m pretty sure they ' re the groom ' s niece and nephew . Oh , they look so cute !
I see . Well , this bank offers many different accounts of this nature . There are 7 to choose from
So workman's compensation is if I slip and break my arm while working in the office or on the job , right ?
Sounds not bad ! You know , the only thing I worried about is the safety . I ' m not an active exerciser and my muscle may be not strong enough for such an intense sport .
congratulations ! That's really exciting ! Let's get out a bottle of wine to celebrate !
Where is it now ?
Not exactly . Our policy states that the loange could be the person studying abroad , for example , you , or your direct relative or spouse .
If I go there , will I be able to collect money right away ?
Be quick , please . Our teacher and classmates will come soon .
I'm not sure yet .
Oh yeah , when I do that , it hurts a lot more !
I ' m sure ... we ' Ve got all our bases covered .
It's amazing that these things still work as well as they do .
She asked me about my ability to work in a team and what I thought a good boss should be .
Aunt Cindy , do you shop online often ?
So how's everything going for Christmas ?
I have been feeling pretty good , Dr . Smith .
Hello , Arthur . What seems to be the problem ?
A double room without a view for just one night ?
What happens if I don ' t meet that requirement ?
Yes , what do you have for appetizer ?
I'd like to send it by regular mail .
yes , I received a conditional offer from Oxford University a few days ago .
It doesn't fit quite right . It feels a little tight in the waist . Do you have this in a larger size ?
I felt the same at first . Later he told me that I'd better not give him any suggestions when he was sick . Offering unsolicited help or advice is like showing sympathy to the weak or the poor . But back in China , helping others is always regarded being kind .
Great . Thanks a lot .
Good evening , sir . I think we have reservations . Have you fixed them ?
I left it two months ago . I didn't think I could learn much there , and there were not many opportunities for self-development .
Yes , of course . If you like the room , call the landlord and confirm the information of the room .
That ' s pretty cheap for out here .
There , on the window .
Aren't you a bit young ? I have a lot of qualified seniors to take the course and they usually have a hard time keeping up .
Okay . Wish me luck .
Don ' t you think you would miss having other people around ?
Whoops . That's my pager . I had to get it for work .
But why do so many people live there ?
I need you to hurry up .
I ' m not sure . I guess I ' d like to meet some people who have a positive attitude and want to have a good time .
Yes , I am . I was born here , and still live with my parents in the same house .
What did you major in ?
Let me check my diary . Er . I'm afraid I can't make Tuesday . I've got to go to Beijing for a conference . I'll come back on Thursday .
What are you working on ?
Thank you . And what ' s the best way to get downtown ?
That has nothing to do with it ...
So they're easy to remember .
Good morning , sir . May I help you ?
Remember it is the boss who hires you and tell her how much you have improved the office efficiency .
Great . Do you think we need a Chinese dictionary ?
Hi , Robert . What happened to your face ? It looks swollen .
Do you think maybe it would be better to just talk to Vince ? Explain the situation ?
Christy is working as a waitress at a restaurant in Paris . She ' s married to a French photographer .
No , they ' re a Prada knock-off for 1/10 of the price of the real thing .
I have been very busy this year , working late , often taking work home and taking no vacation . I feel exhausted .
That is too expensive .
Yes , I was . And I like living here . People know how to party here . In Taipei , some people know how to party . But here , everyone does .
taking a yoga class or learning some relaxation techniques can help you cope with your stress .
I think the square-shaped ones will be the best for me .
Do you really need to ?
Who's better at chess , Bill or Fred ?
Ha , ha , ha ! I agree . That ' s not much fun .
Does he treat everyone in your department like this ?
Sounds like an Italian name with an " i " at the end .
I know , I left it at home .
What ? You've got to be kidding me !
Oh , I'm sorry , Nigel . I'm rushing to a meet right now .
I am sorry . Flight LJ88 0n that day is full . What about 22 ?
I feel very nervous about it .
I ' m sorry . We don't haven any .
I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children .
Oh , yes . I really like it here .
I want to work full-time .
I fell down and hurt my arm .
That girl looks very attractive , doesn ' t she ?
Sure , it's spelled Office and then D - E - P - O - T . It ' s in the Yellow Pages .
I just got off the phone with my boyfriend . He is always getting upset and losing his temper over nothing . It ' s so hard to talk to him at times .
Are you saying you saw an eagle ? There are no eagles here .
Don't worry . He is an acrobat .
Oh , wait a second , you seem really familiar , I think I know you from somewhere .
OK . I want it a bit close around the waist .
Does your girl friend like swimming ?
Who do you think do better ?
She said she wants one of those automatic foot massagers . I think they sell them at Sears .
Really ? How much does it cost to fly to Rome ?
How do you like you trip ?
What do they do ?
Listen , Ryan . Catholics welcome people who aren't Catholics to visit the church . You don't have to pretend to be Catholic . It's okay if you just come to listen .
Do I have to turn on the computer ?
What kind of scarf shall I show you ? We have them in all sorts and sizes .
It ' s just nerves . Just play the right hand for now . One two three four five six , ta ti tri-ple-ti . Good , good . Don ' t forget the accidentals ! The key signature says that note should be a G-sharp but now it ' s a G-natural . Now add the bass clef . You ' re going too fast . Remember the tempo for this piece is andante .
Yeah , I know , my vision is really blurry at times .
Yes , it is not easy .
Sorry . What can I say ? Now , do you want the note or what ?
Which is better ?
If we hurry , can we get there in time ?
Yeah , I know her pretty well .
Men are like that you know . They can feel nervous , anxious or on edge and the only way they can express it is by trying to hide it through aggressiveness .
I still think you two should try to patch things up .
Zhang , Z , H , A , N , G .
Yes , one last thing . How much holiday time do you give your employees every year ?
Thank you for meeting me at the airport , Steven .
Oh , it's beautiful .
Do you get paid overtime ?
Yes , I am positive .
It's not too bad , but it's pretty cold here too . It was about 45 today and it rained this afternoon . I heard it's going to be a little warmer tomorrow .
You're most welcome .
If I had one , could I rent this apartment ?
Hi , Doris . You look a little bit down . What's the matter ?
Good evening . I've come to see Miss Morrison
Well , Mary types faster than Jones . But I think Jones types more carefully .
But , Boris , i am not a baby any more .
He's very strict with us .
Yes , I think so . But to be perfectly honest , I'm not really a sports nut . When I was in high school I played on the school volleyball team . Are you a diehard football fan ?
What's the matter with me , Doctor ? I feel so tired these days .
And I heard that Italian men have very active libidos .
Sure , you can .
Wow , this is the famous Empire State Building .
Before he made the top three , I was so nervous . I just fear that he might be knocked out .
I ' m sorry . I guess I ' m too extreme when it comes putting money in the bank .
Oh , I see it . Thank you .
Same here . I have't brought any new clothes for three months .
OK . I'll just need to see a credit card and passport .
Would you like to do something tonight ?
Now which child is this ?
Hello . Could you give me some details about your Personal Pledge Loans , please ?
I wish I knew who had moved our flower pots .
But I want some rice and some meat .
Their goalkeepers got injured after the first goal , but he kept on playing anyway .
That's right . Will you check what fights are available on the sixth of September ?
Everything I need is in this box ?
Yeah . I saw a science program . It was quite interesting .
May I exchange this DVD player ?
my boss told me that I could either go home early or take a long lunch break another day , so I decided to wait and take a long lunch break another time .
I like one with flowers on its brim .
Can I prepare your drink on the rocks , or would you prefer it blended ?
Hi , Sir . What can I do for you ?
Yes , I'd like to have a share of steak .
Ha-ha . Birth control and abortion are four-letter words in my family .
that ' s great idea . But don ' t the tv station lose a lot of money because of that ?
Excuse me , Professor . I am going to miss next week's class .
Isn't this Li's residence ?
Using GPS I can rely on this to direct me home . Now I just need to find my E-Card to automatically open the gate and we can drive out .
Sure , it is 80 yuan in all and you have to give me another coupon .
Mary , why don't you come to my house this Saturday ?
Can I see your ticket please ?
Well , it isn't at this office . It's over at the Dayton Street office . Have you been there before ?
That's a good place to go at this time . How about this route ?
Our class doesn't have enough money . We already checked into it .
I'm doing well , and you ?
I also read that if the customer is a stock investor , which I am , it's possible to get additional benefits ?
Ok , I'll phone the customer right away . Do you want to pick him up at our office ?
I can understand . I was lucky with my oldest , she figured it out by herself and didn't tell my son .
That ' s a good idea . You have a lot of good fashion sense .
But there's no hot water after 10 at night . Sometimes I like to have a hot shower before bed . especially in the winter . It feels good .
Tommy played truant today . His teacher called me this morning .
You ' Ve been a sales manager for three years . How do you like the job ?
Oh , what a relief ! Thank you very much for your help , Miss .
The two-bedroom apartment on 38th east street .
Me , too . But I could never make bracelets like these .
Excuse me , would you like a drink before your meal ?
Yes , I can write that on my calendar .
To drop a class , you need to do the same thing with a drop slip . Good luck !
You've got so many cousins . I called you later that night . But you didn't have the guts to answer the phone .
T A X I , please .
Yes , because I think being interesting thing is the best teacher . Or have more opportunities to have career growth .
What color do you want ?
Oh , then what would happen if there were pests ?
Fred , can you tell me how I can open my QQ Zone ?
How can I get to Lakeside Park ?
It won't play a DVD .
ok , here are some of our most popular perfumes .
It's probably jet lag .
What's he like ?
Yes , we have insurance against old age , medical problems , unemployment , work injury and childbirth .
Oh , I don ' t care about that .
That ' s very good .
Hey , where's Cindy ?
Where do I go to pick up my ballot ?
Brown , Jason Brown .
That is very encouraging news . I heard that the marketing department has done a three months research , they sent the feedback information to the research and development center by the end of every month . That is to say , the R & D center redesigned the product twice before it was launched into the market .
Have you decided ?
Yes , sir . How may I be of service ?
How about tomorrow ?
That happened to my oldest girl . She became really upset when her classmates told her Santa wasn ' t real .
I see . Do you have any ideas so far ?
You are right . My mum must be crazy .
They should be there in the next hour .
Connecticut is east of New York .
It's so interesting , I like it very much .
Of course . One of the real pluses of this product is that it is of very high quality , and of compact size . No one can match us so far as quality is concerned .
Is there a swimming pool in this hotel ?
Sure . What are you going to have to drink ?
Well , you will get there in about a quarter of an hour if the traffic isn ' t too heavy .
Do you really think so ? I don't . It will just make us fat and act silly . Remember last time ?
Hey , let ' s pull over and look at that house over there .
I'm sorry to hear that . May we meet the day after tomorrow ?
Hello , Shelly , is it ? I'm here on behalf of my company , so I'll need the Corporate Banking Services .
Hi , Sterling !
you're really hot . Let me get you some Tylenol to bring the fever down .
I've tried diets before but they've never worked .
Household appliance don ' t seem to last for a long time nowadays .
Is it cold in autumn there ? Should I take any warm clothes with me ?
That's fine . You can get it 6 days later .
Then let's call it a day , shall we ?
Naughty ? I'm naughty ? I'm just clever . So I only do the things I am interested in .
Let me see . Yes . I will buy a plane for you . There is no traffic up there .
Is there any meat ?
I see . Yes , you'll need to renew your passport in a few months . Make sure you don't let it expire while you are in the UK .
Yeah , it's really a unique experience . It's a solo concert by Pavarotti . He put on the performance in the Forbidden City in Beijing .
I can ' t disclose that information .
It will take 5 days .
Maybe you should let me know about your plan . I want to take my kids there some day . too .
You mean fat boy ?
I know your feeling . Take it easy and say something to me if you like .
ok . But can I trade my seat with you ? I prefer the one near the window . I'm a terrible flyer . I always get airsick and can never relax until after I've landed .
Come on . Let ' s talk heart to heart . I think we can find a solution .
see you then !
Of course , it's 4 dollars now .
Various methods were used in history to produce fake coins . We usually send the coin to an authorized unit to have it tested by experts with special machines . We can judge it with naked eyes .
Yes , and being friendly and having a good attitude also help me relax .
Just a minute please . Oh , I'm sorry , all the tickets for tonight have been sold out .
I work for the Bank of China , in the International Section .
what kind of services do they offer ?
Yeah , so do I .
No , I don't mind in the least . I want to do something of my own . What about you ?
An art ! You have a good point there . So it is called martial arts in English . The Chinese are really capable of doing things nicely . They even made fighting a great enjoyment , so marvelous and fascinating .
Oh , is it ? You'll be making records next , will you ?
Just over three weeks . Would you like a drink ?
well , I can ' t just image it .
Of course not . I believe he ' s innocent .
It's a beautiful sport , isn't it ?
I know . The economy here is having serious problems . But because the government declared a default , the currency value went way down .
You ' re free to go .
You're such a wimp ! You're afraid of an eyelash curler .
Don ' t worry . Sometimes people will give you a discount if you promise to do the cleaning or take care of the children .
She is our new project manager . She starts next week .
Besides , speaking of classical music , we should never forget about the New Year's Concert .
Oh , then you should have gotten off at the last stop .
Maybe some of it . I think a lot of people blame TV and movies when the real problem is that the parents aren ' t bringing their child up correctly .
I have to pay my credit bill too . If I don ' t pay it soon , the credit card company will charge me interest .
Are you thinking about a public school or a private one ?
Thanks for the advice , Mr . Macmillan . I ' ll keep it in mind . I had better head off though . I ' m meeting my husband for dinner .
Oh dear . What a pity . Are you sure you lost your wallet in theatre ?
Yes , here this is .
Not at all ! It be fun ! It will be like a boys ' night out ... well kinda ...
You ' re okay with me calling someone ?
We've got a problem ... it looks like we'll need more spotlights on the exhibition booth . The client thinks it's too dark , and they want to add halogen lighting . We've already got 3 sets of track lighting from you guys , do you think you could help us out and throw in some halogens ?
I enjoy listening to all kinds of music .
Alright . Well , I feel more comfortable now . Now I understand I am welcome as a visitor .
Did you get your grades yet ?
Yes . I won ' t have to take a bus to go to my office . Is it a one-bedroom apartment ?
Is the software user-friendly ?
It doesn't sound very exciting .
which countries have you been to ?
We ' re on our own tonight , dad ' s taking mom out .
All these say a lot for their characters .
Do you often exercise ?
Let's line up here . This line seems a little shorter .
Thank you for your visit to our company . I'd like to make an introduction for you . Is there anything in particular you'd like to know ?
Yes , fine . Let me see how much money I have in my wallet .
I'm going to help him .
You look fresh recently . How do you make it ?
Your cousin Fay is fifteen . Rosemary is older than Fay . She's seventeen .
Okay . I'll see you then .
Yes , I'm looking for a cap . Size 16 .
no , I was thinking of putting a frozen pizza in the oven or something . How about you ?
Sure , it'll be on next Monday .
why ? You have a decent salary , lots of promotion opportunities and a regular life of going to the office at 9 o ' clock and coming back home at 5 in the evening .
How do you do ? My name is John White .
So , you're going to use Sarah's car to go cruising for chicks ?
No other city can match it . It's heaven .
Good idea . I'll get some , too .
Thanks so much .
Then what should I do ?
Why don't you sleep over ?
No ! You should avoid sticking out your belly . Keep your hip steady . Don't swing .
I think we would be able to make it . What time shall we come ?
Yes , you can take the No . 5 bus over there . Get off at the next stop .
That ' s a good idea . I ' m really looking forward to redoing my bedroom .
Have you arranged for someone to take notes for you ?
I have to see a sample . Bring me one this week , please .
Would you mind waiting ? I'm on the telephone .
No . I only want it to be a very good one . The best . It ' s a graduation gift for my son .
You're right . We need more people like you in politics .
Sorry , John . I suddenly got a severe stomachache last night , and stayed in hospital the whole day .
Would you like a cigarette ?
Would you care much about your salary ?
Have you finished washing clothes ?
Come on baby , stop trying to pretend like a man . If you go there , you are sure to like them .
Not too good actually , people are not spending as much as before !
Thank you for inviting me .
Well , what's your excuse then ?
I am afraid not . Have you lost your passport ?
Will you get a pay-raise , too ?
Exactly . Instead of increasing their position , I want to increase yours .
Thx .
Right , we'll have these three .
Well , I ' ll have to discuss your application with my colleagues , and we ' ll get back to you early next week .
Very well , I can ring you up over here , sir .
Let's go to the Latin Club . I think they will have a Brazilian band there this weekend . Maybe it's Friday night .
It could vary quite a bit , between 2 and 10 dollars per square yard .
I ' m on it !
Please take us to Harvard University . By the way , is it far from here ?
I've been fed up with study .
Yes , I think you ' re right . I ' m thinking about having a child , but not just yet .
I know what you mean . I ' m not only after bucks . There ' s something more in life .
Yes , I am aware of them .
You look tired .
It ' s $ 8 . 50 a month .
No , thank you . Please tell him to phone me when he comes back .
that's a good idea . When did you buy it ? Is it a name brand ?
I'm fine . After ten years , you still look great !
Let me see ... Wednesday morning . Yes , I am booked solid all morning . What ' s up ?
How much would I have to pay for rent ?
I ' m shocked he actually won .
What else can you speak ?
I can't log on the internet again .
That's a big mistake , you should always have a good breakfast . You will not run your car without fuel , and as well you won't expect your body to work without food .
Wilson .
It'll take awhile , but I'm working on it .
She is also very naughty . By the way , do you have a dog , Maria ?
Yeah . But Bob's talent can't to be named on the same day with Carl's .
What ' s Mr . King doing ?
Do you want to try your hand at tennis ?
I must apologize for having delayed the work .
It's not what I asked for .
Let ' s meet at 12:30 . it will probably take us there or four hours to see all of the exhibits .
Well . If it breaks down again tomorrow , I'll definitely buy a new one .
What's up , officer ?
I'm very surprised to hear you say that . I think our price is very favorable . You can hardly get such an attractive price from other suppliers .
OK . Could you please help me to clean them ?
You can never do that .
Is the entrance charge expensive ?
which one has the most interesting course ?
Sure . It's a popular e-card website .
Yeah , it's really unforgettable . Thank you for making me happy all these years .
My boyfriend took me to the Shane Co . and he let me pick it out .
What if it's broken ?
I think that that would work out quite well as an ending for your resume .
Then , how about this one ?
All that's left is a leg . I gave the head to Tim !
They tell me how much your heart is working at rest and when pumping blood .
I ' m glad you like it .
Well , I visited their website and read up on what they do . They ' re an IT service company that offers comprehensive business solutions for large corporations . They provide services such as ARM development , and they also offer customdesigned applications .
it's true . The economy is in a bit of mess at the moment .
Yes . I could use a cup of coffee .
Do you know anything about Britain and America ?
How long will it take to get the results ?
He has a finger in the pie .
You can make as many copies as you want .
No , sir .
Can I go to my room now ?
That's exactly when I'll be away . It sounds ideal , as long as the landlord agrees .
Most willingly . It's 600 dollars per ton .
I ' ll drink to that !
Please go to see a doctor .
I already told you that I'm going to do it .
I can't wait until we get our year-end bonus !
You are coming ?
In addition to telling you how much you will receive , the beginning and ending dates of your claim will be included .
Sure , let's take a look at the menu first .
How long will it take for them to get here ?
Nice meeting you , Kevin . I hope to see you again .
Well , I'll have a glass of mineral water .
All right . I want to take a shower first , I ' m exhausted .
What do you mean ?
So who takes care of him then ?
I don't know . I just woke up .
That ' s a secret . I couldn ' t tell you .
I'm completely lost . I'm trying to find the way to my daughter's home .
Good . So we don't have to work . How nice !
Do you want a furnished house or an unfurnished one ?
It ' s a program about islam . It ' s very interesting .
That's correct .
My mother was ill . I had to look after her .
Sounds interesting , but soccer doesn ' t really appeal to me .
What does the driving test require ?
Yeah , maybe you ' re right . How about this outfit ?
120 yuan .
No , but my husband smokes twenty or more a day .
but we've done that many times . We want something fresh this time .
let ' s go and get a coffee together . That will help you to wake up again !
I ' ll do that . Meanwhile , could you give me an indication of price ?
Jack , what are you doing ?
I can't sleep . I'm really not all that tired .
Yes , we just got it and it is fabulous . Well , first you have to turn this switch on .
I do envy you . And I hope I can enter your school one day .
Are you married ?
My father wants me to work as a trainee in his company .
I understand . It's too good to be true , isn't it ?
The portions here are man sized . We usually end up taking half of the meal home with us .
Excuse me , when is the next train to Los Angeles ?
Sounds good , and so , why do you want to work with them ?
Where is she right now ?
Don't throw paper on the floor , Bill .
In the past , our welfare program has consisted of benefits packages only , meaning partial health insurance coverage and retirement plan . But we hope to boost morale by increasing incentives and adding additional welfare considerations .
Go do what you have to do , but make sure it doesn't happen again .
Actually , I don't like history . Lately , these shows are always about the Pyramids .
Alright . I want to order the satin sheets on page 28 .
I see . But could you give me another piece of paper ?
No salt , please .
They ' re all doing fine . Let me show you some of their pictures .
I ' Ve beaning worked IBM for years . I am vested personnel file system , He is the after sale survise director . he such a nice boss , I like working for him .
Of course . I fed them today .
That'll be enough , and the repayment period sounds good to me .
I'm not sure . What's the difference ?
Ah , great ! I'll send someone over to pick it up . Thanks for calling .
Oh , the day after tomorrow is Christmas .
I heard that a robbery happened in our town several days ago . The robbers ripped off a car in broad daylight .
I'm honored that you think I would be qualified . But I would really have to think about this first .
How do you control the quality of the products ?
Oh , we ' d like the buffet please . We ' Ve heard it ' s very good .
Great . Your order will take only one week .
That would be WebTracker . We're heard they're almost ready . That's why we have to finish first .
I'd better see you there .
Aunt Jane buys a new bike for Tom . He is putting on grand airs .
Look , darling ! I can see a bench near that tree .
The other night when you came home there was lipstick on your right cheek . How do you explain that ?
What's more , it's only ten minutes ' walk to the company .
You are within 50 kilometers , so it's a 50 - dollar flat rate .
Tell me then .
Ahahah , and I thought you were tired .
We may travel by sea . It's cheaper .
I think we'll buy this one . And I want you to try on this one too .
I'll tell you all about it another day .
really ? Why ?
Maybe . But that's not kept the new boss from breathing down my neck . To be honest , I've got a better offer from another company .
I am sorry to hear about that . Would you mind coming with me to my office and tell me exactly what happened here ?
You are entitled to a company car . Have you seen it yet ?
I'm sorry , but no . We used to have a trainer , but then he had an unfortunate accident .
I like to work alone on some things and then bring those things to the group .
What about this picture ? I think Benjamin would like it .
Terrific , that's a wonderful movie , I like it very much . Can I get tickets now for tomorrow ?
I see . Is this yours ?
It seems you're very fond of it .
Never mind , it doesn't matter .
The bank closes in 30 minutes and I need to cash a check .
See you . Bye .
I always consider you are such a guy who never gives up .
I get an idea of the pressure in your arteries when your heart is pumping blood versus at rest .
15 % is impossible . That'll leave us almost no profit .
That's a good sign . But just soak a little longer , OK ?
no . please sit down .
Not a good plan . The TV weather forecast says the hurricane is coming this weekend , and the temperature will also drop to 66 degrees .
Hi . I ' m here for flight 513 to New York but I thought I heard the paging system announce that it is canceled . Is that true ?
What do you suggest I should see in New York ?
There are tons of other paintings that I think are better .
Have you thought about going in Dutch ?
You finished everything in there , sir ?
I watched the race with my children . We saw you run to the finish line . We all screamed with excitement .
Ugh !
To be honest , I'm a bit fed up .
You ' re sure we ' re not forgetting anything ?
That's great . I'll pick you up at eight .
Don't worry about it . I keep forgetting everyone's birthdays as well .
Could you tell me now some of the things I need to do ?
Only about two hours , for a couple of days a month . Why don't you give it a try ?
Yes , so it really doesn't matter who offers the money . The paper itself is profitable .
Well , I've never downloaded music before . How does it work ?
I'll take care of the lunch then , and you can take care of the other plans . What time would you like to pick me up ?
How about we go to the flea market today ?
I attend an aerobic class three times a week .
Maybe it's because you always have pretty girls as your partners .
Mr . : I'm Mr . Rogers , your homeroom teacher .
I feel that I can see more when I pedal a bicycle , but when I feel lazy , I drive my car .
A single room from June 18th to 20th . Is that correct ?
Good answer , Miss Zhang-good answer ! Seriously , though , are you interested in staying in a staff-level position , or would you hope to move into management someday ?
Okay , give me a week and I'll have time to get my pencil real sharp . I should have some new figures from Malaysia by then .
certainly , i love waltz very much .
It's 30 degrees now . It was even colder this morning .
It's light enough , but the handle will get too hot after cooking .
I understand you don't have a history of shipping overseas , but I am willing to pay extra for shipping .
It sounds a good idea . Let ' s go .
Ok , here is $ 50 . Oh , can you make out an invoice for me ?
It is said that greens can improve our metabolism . In addition , I want to keep fit .
Many reasons . I've been here for too long . Next year will be my five-year anniversary . I want a change of setting . Besides , our company is downsizing . I don't want to stay on just to be let go .
Here you are . I have just come from downtown .
The large one .
It's really of nothing .
Do you have any particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration ?
I have taken some courses in college , such as translation , business English , and so on . So I have a good mastery of both spoken and written English
That is our one major success . If you look at the other graphs , you can see that most of the other product lines remained steady with little increase .
What functions does this watch have ?
Really , John . I still think you should go to a doctor . You've been sneezing ever since you entered the office this morning . Why don't you take this afternoon off ? If you don't want to see a doctor , at least you can go home and have a good rest .
OK . I'm sure you will love what this new automatic answering system can do for your business .
Could you tell me where the dishwashing detergent is ?
Yes , May I help you ?
Hi , Mary , can I have a minute ?
Pleas turn right at the traffic lights .
Oh , is that right ? Is there a subway station near here ?
Well , I am looking for some winter clothes for my fiancee .
Oh , yes .
Thank you very much . I had a really good time .
that's good . Are you planning on immigrating to another country ?
That's a good idea . But leave the front as it is now .
You think it's better that he should be told ?
Your garden is looking beautiful this summer . The flowers are really colorful .
I'm very sorry about this .
I got to know your company through such famous brands as LUX , LIPTON and WALLS . After making a customer survey , I was glad to find out how your products are appreciated by millions of Chinese .
That's no problem . Is it cash ?
Can you pass me the lighter ?
Those are company cars provided to the sales staff for their business trips . Also , some employees receive sales commissions . So good salesmen will naturally earn more .
A debit card will be fine .
Yes , you will see on your monthly bill and statement the amount in full but also the minimum payment .
How did Jim get the money ?
Well , you get nine hundred anytime minutes , and you can also enjoy free mobile to mobile calling to other Tel-Mobile clients , one thousand text messages per month , and unlimited evening and weekend minutes . Oh , and we also offer a rollover option .
Look , here're two coins named Kai Yuan Tong Bao -- the sort of coin made in memory of the founding of a new dynasty . These two coins were made in different periods of the Tang Dynasty .
All right . Let's chat next time . Bye-bye .
I'll go take a shower .
Hopefully we won't have any more blackouts .
Oh , yes . My husband also has some laundry . This is his suit and here is his pajamas .
Yes , I do . I find it very informative . It always has plenty of articles from correspondents all over the world and the business section is very useful too .
It's nothing to get upset about .
The woman was beaten again . Why didn ' t she call the police .
I went hiking and have terrible poison oak .
I work here .
Oh , my goodness . Who do I need to talk to ?
Do you play any sports or games ?
Yes , but Americans never visit without calling in advance , and they almost never stay overnight .
Yes , I remember it was inspired by a New York Times best-seller of the same name .
Sounds good to me . The guy at the top gets money and so do the people below him .
Yeah !
He ran four miles and came back dead beat .
I hope not but it will take at least three hours .
Excuse me , are these deck chairs free ?
oh , that's Janice . She's just new in town . You have a thing for blonds , eh ?
Isn ' t it wonderful here ? The kids are enjoying themselves in the swimming pool . I hope it ' s safe .
Yeah , that ' s too bad .
Possibly you are now . But in case you will change your mind , please let me know .
I see . Is it your first interview ?
That ' s all right . Bring me over what you ' Ve got .
Did you go to the roller rink on Saturday ? I heard it was far out , man !
Are you ok , Chuck ? You look pale .
Julia , what do you think of the network ?
No , I went for an interview .
That ' s right .
It's true , sir .
All right , expecting you .
Where ' s that ? Oh , I know ! Madame Tussaud ' s the waxworks museum .
I've been standing here since half past seven . Where on earth have you been ?
ok . Can I ask who is calling , please ?
Sure they are .
Oh , I don't know . Of course , gasoline costs a lot these days .
Some of the ads in the paper are from people looking for roommates .
Any more ?
You should go to the dentist .
Good thinking ! We should also print some leaflets for students to distribute .
Just make out a deposit slip and come here during bank hours . That's from 9 a . m . to 3 p . m .
I believe that two people did get hurt .
Oh , we have many kinds . Do you like this design .
Now for the most difficult question . What is the price tag for this lovely vehicle ?
Well , Yes . There are something wrong actually . Perhaps you can give me some advice .
I just let it go and continued dating with my Korean boyfriend . But finally we broke up .
ok . I ' ll start by looking at the motor . I ' ll just unplug it and take a look inside the machine ... oh , yes . There ' s the problem . It ' s quite simple . I ' ll sort it out in a few minutes .
Let me see . What a moving poem !
A wise decision . If you decide to take out a short-term loan with us , say for 6 months or less , the interest rate shall be for that of a 6 - month loan .
How are you , Sam ?
wow , it that your sports car ?
Oh , my Adult College Entrance Exam is also around then . I don't know if I can pass it .
He has the flu .
What happened to you ?
Yeah . It ' s a lot better than mine .
Mr . : Please open your books to page 10 . ( To Mary ) Can I help you ?
( ha ha ) I ' ll keep that in mind , but don ' t tell my husband .
Okay Rebecca , well I think you ' Ve given me a clear impression of your positive qualities , but let ' s talk a little bit about your weaknesses .
Oh dear , Miss , you are soaked ! Wow , it's really raining heavily outside .
What else do you have ?
what do we need to get from the supermarket ?
I know girls love this kind of car . Look , it's got a sunroof ! Imagine ... a cool , starry night ...
I'm really sick !
OK . But I hope it won't take too long .
I'm sorry , sir . I can't interrupt her . I'm sure she won't be very long .
What subject did you minor in ?
We'll go tomorrow .
No problem . Get in now .
I just had a terrible week .
Gee . I must have left it in my hotel room .
Nervous ? Why ?
Don't bother . those are a dime a dozen where we are going .
So , where are you going to spend your winter vacation ?
It's because of the view .
The traffic is not very heavy on this high way , is it ? So I ' m sure we ' ll make it .
Yes , speaking .
This one is our cheapest .
Well , make up your mind . We need to know .
Deborah had her baby last week .
I hear what you're saying , and I wish there were something I could do .
Is there any kind of ice cream you don't like ?
I often play badminton with my parents .
No , I ' d like to know something about contact lenses .
The same thing is wrong with your bumper .
The swim stations are very popular , sir . I hope you don't find a line down there .
Yes , I'd like to give it a try .
Sounds like you better buy a bicycle .
What do you charge for the sports shoes ?
I can come down and fix that for you if you'd like .
Yes , that's right . We have just introduced the program , but it's very popular already .
What state is west of Pennsylvania ?
They are . And not only that the people are friendly , but also the food is delicious , not to mention cheap .
I never stay out that late . That's too late .
Not as fun though . A live band is way more exciting !
It's easy . You only have to search the internet in order to get the information you're looking for .
What was the reason for your call ?
I had to move it , so that I can get my bike through .
No problem . In the meantime , don't try to worry so much . You'll get through this .
He would think you were crazy , Caroline .
How would your coworkers describe you ?
Really ? Where do you work out at ?
You like it . Well , I'll gather in for you .
How nice ! But will you have to pay for the training ?
There was no reason for them to arrest me .
Do you like a job in a library , working with books ?
It is not very complicated . You can send your resume to the e-mail address of our company .
I'll try my best .
I have earned a lot of money this week , more than I do in a fortnight .
If you join us , our company will provide you a single dormitory . If you make great achievements , our company will offer you a flat according to the related regulations . It all depends .
Yes , I think they might have gone to the same college or something like that . I'm not exactly sure how they know each other .
Yes . How long would you like us to keep it ?
He stood you up .
Oh dear ! What did he tell you to do ?
People say that you never have a real winter in the South China , but I don't think so .
I am sorry you didn't enjoy it , sir . I will return it to the kitchen and bring you one that is well cooked . How is your steak this time , sir ?
They have changed the asking price since it first went on the market . It is now two hundred and twenty-five thousand .
Good Morning Mr Jones .
I see . so this is your hometown ?
When you cross the quad , the office is right in front of you . Go inside and follow the signs to the correct line .
She's pretty conservative .
When I ' m old , I ' ll also be like that .
Oh , four or five . How much is the rent for this apartment ?
My friends and I just got back from Bali .
Well could you do me the favor of making this quick ? It ' s the third quarter and you ' Ve been blabbering on since the first !
I want to buy a bottle of perfume for myself .
Hmm , I think I've got an idea . Maybe I can get her an ever-green plant to take back home .
Well , I've got a huge load of typing and Mr . Brown has insisted I get it done by tomorrow afternoon . Could you help me to type half of it ?
Have you got any outdoor interests ?
What ' s that ? It gets the name from the festival itself . That ' s really funny !
Have you ever seen coco ?
Who was he out with ?
Morning . May I help you ?
Bill , will you be free at noon ?
Well , since you're a foreign student , it's hard . That ' s because it's actually illegal for you to work in America .
Not at all . You can find most of them at supermarket . The ingredients are usually the same as in western food . The way that the food is prepared is the big difference , not the ingredients .
John , I was talking to the travel agent about where we might be taking our vacation this year .
I finally went out to dinner with him last night .
Here you are . Take one at a time .
Hey , Mom , look what I found !
Good ! And then , the entire body . Never incline your body forward or backward . Take care to regulate the point of balance . Place it at your waist .
Can you help me ? This fitting has come loose and I need something to tighten it up .
Now , Let ' s make ourselves comfortable since we have got quiet a long way to go .
Great . I'll call you Saturday morning .
Ok . I hope you can have these goods delivered before the end of September . We'd like them to be ready in time for our Christmas sales .
Yes , I am looking for a skirt . What's in fashion now ?
May , is the university a terrible place ?
You have to maintain a minimum balance of $ 100 .
Well , I'm here to get some help from you . I was hoping to have someone who we can deal with exclusively . On a long-term basis , if that's possible .
Right . Cool ! Let's go !
my sister is a lawyer . I can ask her if she can help him .
Nothing . Maybe it is just the weather . Rainy days often make me feel a little sad .
You can see many cows and horses there . lf you are brave enough , you can try horseback riding . it is fun .
Sure I am . But he responded by saying'what do you mean ? ' .
Show me your document , please .
You are late again , Maria . The teacher is about to come .
No , the one you have on looks fabulous , especially with your hair like that .
What ' s your destination ?
Richard ? Do you have the number for that Chinese restaurant on the corner ?
This is my luggage , but it's too heavy . I can't move it . Could you help me get it out of the conveyer belt ?
How fast were you going ?
Oh , the food here really is bad . My soup was cold and meat , ur ... it was like leather .
All right . Wait for a moment , please .
Tomorrow is Christmas and I haven ' t bought my mom anything ! I ' m such a bad son !
That depends . What is it ?
Yeah , I ' Ve just moved here , and I ' d like to activate my cell phone , and I ' m not sure if I should go with a prepaid plan , or a monthly rate plan .
Ah , good morning , Mr . Smith . Nice to meet you . I'm Peter Anderson from Personnel . Do sit down .
OK . Here's my account details .
How are you , Mr Wilson ? I am Tina .
It certainly is . It's so much fun .
try not to take on more than you can handle .
Fine . Would it be OK to look at the room ?
What else are you going to have ?
You're always welcome . Anything else can I do for you , sir ?
Then what time do you think he will be in ?
Oh , dear . How can I wait for such a long time ?
seriously ? But you are such a genius .
Why would I do that ?
Thank you . I am a learner so can you tell me where I can find a ski instructor ?
We ' Ve got four more games . I hope we can win all of them .
They can cook them themselves to make sure exactly how they like it .
Let me see your form . You mentioned that you want five days to go back home for New Year , right ?
It's ultra-compact , it has a brushed , titanium metal body and a rubber shock-proof , weather-proof case with a belt clip .
How about Thursday ?
That's true . Having a very serious boyfriend or girlfriend can be boring .
So ? You can go to the class for me . Just write my name on the exam book and take the exam . Why not ?
92 .
which country do you want to go to ?
About 70 , I think . This newspaper article talks about the problems of an aging population . It ' s a problem that will soon affect most of the world .
Www !
Who will pay for these things ?
Is she your teacher ?
How many orders do we still need to pack , Gale ? We've been packing all day .
So , basically , I am OK ?
What's your opinion about childless couples ? Will you choose to have no kids ?
I'm going to listen to the radio .
Well , let's try some braised pork , sweet and sour fish and some fried beans .
I hear the beaches in Thailand are beautiful .
Actually I live in London , but my family lives in Seattle .
I'll just get a Snickers then .
Then I'll have the pork cutlet instead .
Yes , and you know what ?
I can ride too . Perhaps we could go horse riding together at the weekend ?
Rich ! I ' m glad I caught you . Mr . Carlton ' s just come over here from the main office .
That would definitely make a difference . But Vince already said no .
What's it like to work with her ?
I went to the cafeteria and bought it .
How about my hand carry luggage ?
That ' s why many people look up to him .
Of course , I'll get right on it .
I do . If you cook at home , you can eat healthy food cheaply .
What is the cost ?
Does he watch a lot of movies ?
Oh , I like movies with surprise endings , although , sometimes they can be frustrating . Maybe I should invite my girlfriend to go next weekend .
Yes , but I only have few experiences . I guided a few groups of foreign tourists from America last winter vacation . I showed them around some places of interest .
No , but you can let them know that yours is the cream of the crop-the purest motor oil in the world . Careful , hold it by the java jacket . This coffee drink has half and half-what do you think ?
Well , he has a surprise waiting for him when he gets back , doesn't he !
I heard a rumor this morning ... It seems Trusten Tools is going out of business . Another competitor is going bankrupt . That could be good news for us .
I honestly don't know .
No , I want the fish .
Here you are Mr . Lee . Will there be anything else ?
How do I set it ?
There's just going to be 6 of us tonight .
do you have internet in your room ?
Yeah he is going to be there with his step-son and his ex-wife .
No , I don't know what that is .
I'm really sorry . I'll face the music .
Did he do something wrong ?
It's 325 a month . It's the biggest we've got in this area .
We finally took off , but about 30 minutes later , the captain came on to the loudspeaker to warn us that there would be some bad turbulence for most of the flight .
Yes , they are . This afternoon , I ' m going to prune the hedge .
Got it . Are you still updating your blog ?
No . I hate cell phones . But you could go to a neighbor's house and use their phone .
Show biz stars have plenty of expenses . That ' s why they need so much money . They need million of dollars to buy big , seclude houses and wonderful dresses . I bet most show biz stars would prefer to Wea
Yes . But I recommend you to buy pantyhose . The stockings are already out-dated .
No , thanks . I've decided to give up smoking .
Great idea ! I like authentic Chinese food .
I usually shop at Sons .
Do you ever ask you bank for traveller's cheques ? They are much safer than carrying lots of cash around .
And for such a big quantity , you should give us a discount .
Really ? well , ok , you're welcome .
Yes , it is , but not as hot as in Beijing .
Are you looking for anything else ?
I'm fling , Jack . ( singing ) Come , Josephine , in my flying machine . Up she goes , and up she goes ...
Please forgive me . You have my word . I'll spend some time with you on the weekend . I promise .
Good , what about the export packing ?
I honestly don ' t know what else to tell you .
Among those collections , which is the most expensive ?
And what ' s Mrs . King doing ?
The baked fish in tomato sauce is pretty good .
Cool ! Anything else ?
Is it really completely flat ?
Sure , no problem . Do you happen to have the receipt ?
Yes . There are trains at seven fifty-nine , nine eighteen , ten thirty-two and eleven fifty-five .
And I need to stretch my legs now .
what about renting a restaurant and treating the employees to a nice dinner ?
But number 13 buses leave from the center of town . You'll have to walk two miles to catch one .
So that's where you saw the ghost ? In your house ? What did it look like ? Was it hideous ?
Would you take $ 12 ?
No , what's the difference ?
In California .
How sweet ... if you make me some more toast , I'll let you use my new retro toaster ...
I'm looking for the cameras .
I will go to the bank , give them my check , show them one piece of my identifications , and the most important thing is that I should sign my name to endorse the check .
What ' s the point ? We always make a new year ' s resolution and by February we will have forgotten about it . It ' s pointless .
How are you ?
I'd like to book a room for three nights .
Sorry ma'm , the only opening we have after lunch is one fifteen , but I might be able to work you in after 4 . would that be a better time ?
OK , are you already an account holder ?
A special order of banana pancakes for you !
definitely . That's why many cross-cultural marriages end in divorce .
Very well , I'll take these two .
What is your address , sir ?
The school is a little bit too far away . I simply want to take good care of my elderly grandfather .
I don't think so , why do you ask ?
Uh , I don't know what to say . What do you want to know ?
Yes , it's a great job . I love it . And what do you do ?
What newspaper are you reading ?
Thank you ! I lived there when I came to Beijing last time . It's comfortable and beautiful .
Nice choice .
A taxi it is . Where will you be headed ?
Mary , I've some bad news for you .
No , thanks . I'll have to meet my friend at the airport .
I ' m not surprised . That article certainly added fuel to the debate . Ok . Thanks . Can you leave two articles and the advertisements with me ? I ' d like to read them .
yes . I bought a scarf yesterday . It's really nice and warm . Have a look .
May I have your order , please ?
I'll need a few minutes to check over my notes again on every detail . What about the quality standard ?
I'd like sports , please .
Does she go to night school ?
Actually , five and a half . On Saturday , we have classes only in the morning .
I'd like to . See you then .
Well , that sounds like it would be OK . Just be careful .
What ' s the kitchen like ? I know both you and your wife like to cook .
I've been accepted by the university , and they've offered me a position on the basketball team !
Yes , bring me a bottle of wine and filet steak .
OK , we've finished . Can you get your father and brother ?
Did you lock the doors ?
You can give it a try ! May be you will succeed .
You really have a bid head , don't you !
You ' ll have to buy your own ticket though .
Thanks , I appreciate that !
We have decided to go to the park this Sunday . Would you like to go with us if you have not decided yet ?
It's ok .
Certainly . Which flight would you like ?
I ' m happy to meet you . It seems everyone in town is so friendly .
Is that right ? Wonderful , wonderful . I've been in King Dao for two years now . A great place . Nice people and great beer ! Well , I guess we ' d better get started .
No , you don't . We'll take care of it .
Judge from his look , he's a very serious person .
Hello , Kate .
And they said you should play classical music ?
What a great weekend that was !
Could it be the battery ?
Fine , Mr . Richardson . What do you have in mind ?
What ? What does that mean ? Why won't there be any results ?
How is your business on the Internet , Steven ?
I really should be on my way .
Why ? If I eat less , then my body will start eating away at my fat reserves , right ?
well , I have to drive to school for a meeting this morning , and I'm going to end up getting stuck in rush-hour traffic .
No , you needn't . A number 13 bus will also take you to the hospital .
Well , I came to talk to you because I want to apply for a scholarship .
Good afternoon . " ginger ' s restaurant " . May I help you ?
She has been admitted to Yale with a scholarship .
To be frank , I was married once , and now I'm single .
Sorry , we haven't got any . But we have a room without private bath room .
At 8 am . By the way , it also makes a refueling stop .
Could you arrange an appointment with Mr . Smith ?
About six years ...
My husband takes him in the car . He passes the school on the way to the office .
Well , let's see . Why don't we go dancing for a change ? We haven't done that for a long time .
Correct . And our country follows the priority of use principle .
Yes , I'm really weak in maps , I did poorly in high school .
After a while .
that's amazing . Are you doing well in your classes ?
Can you sing the song ?
What's wrong with you ?
To start with , may I know why you are interested in working for our company ?
I do , but if I don't have any credit in my phone , it won't let me call or send messages .
This is your luggage check , which you must show when you disembark at your destination , and here is your boarding pass and your ticket .
Well , I guess so .
Oh , no , get off it . It wasn ' t such a killer class . You just have to get into it . Like they say , no pain , no gain .
The bill is itemized , so take some time to look through it and make sure we ' Ve charged you for the correct services . Most of your extra charges were for phone calls and room service .
Nope . We just hope our employees will make profit for us .
You must like to dance , right .
Yeah it's too bad ... but actually I think I know what to do .
Sure . You could talk to other parents in your neighbourhood and plan it so that all the kids are free at the same time .
Freshman orientation is the last week of august , but I want to go two weeks before that to get settled in .
Really ? It's very nice of you .
Yes , he stole a plane in Canada and flew into the U . S .
Certainly . It has been specially treated .
I was thinking of 30 % off .
You mean as in Sylvester Stallone ?
No , thank you . I've had enough .
good afternoon . " ginger ' s restaurant " . May I help you ?
You don't like the performance , do you ?
Wonderful ! A perfect piece of bread !
No , that way is longer . There are more stop lights on that street .
It's in between the wall and the bed .
Well , I have to provide some of my information , right ?
What about a boa constrictor ?
Are you in Mrs Green ' s class ?
OK . Teach me how to play the game .
This is the East Market to Central Park bus . Where do you want to go ?
Were you looking at a particular refrigerator ?
I want it short .
I see . So , it's not for your company , it's for the prospective partner ?
So where did you land ?
Good Morning , Mrs . Schmidt ! I see you're standing on your head again .
Don ' t worry . I will arrange everything .
Fine . See you on the 18th .
Well , we have espresso , cappuccino , latte , skinny latte and Americano .
I'll be worried if you stay out late .
I need help finding a new refrigerator .
Whatever ! I'm glad to learn something of Chinese kung fu . Thanks for asking me .
Julia , the apartment I looked at today is pretty decent-around 120 square meters .
Didn't you hear about that ? Our meeting was proponed until Friday .
What time is it , Tom ?
That's right , sir . Here are your tickets . Have a nice day .
How do I log on to the computer ?
Oh , it is really far from here . You ' re going in the wrong direction actually .
Really ? Come on , I'll introduce them to you .
What is contained in that letter ?
Mm , I don ' t really like duck to be honest with you . I fancy something light .
Will you need anything special for the presentation ?
How ' s your little girl , Debbie ?
All right , how about the other guests .
Is that better now ?
I think you're being a little critical . The actor in the lead role is fantastic . I suppose the chorus could be a bit better , though .
I'm sure we can work something out .
Um , well , if you want to do a real simple one , you can just use some pre-made salsa and cheese , and that's easy , or you can do something like cut up some ham and cheese , onions , tomatoes , mushrooms , anything that you like . If you want to make a spinach omelet then you have to add the cooked spinach to the egg mixture . So it's actually cooked in it . It's inside bacon and sour cream is nice and Jack cheese .
Tom , your task is to clean the blackboard .
No , not at all , Brian . This year , we ' Ve all had to cut back . I ' m hoping next year ' s going to better . I hope you can understand .
I think it is very necessary for us . I wonder whether I am on holiday with payment every year .
Oh , no , you don't .
It's very helpful . the course has let me into a world of literature . i read so many great literatures .
Hello , is this housekeeper ?
Does 7 o'clock suit you ?
Well , I will see . How was your day at the office ?
To the cinema . What about coming with me ?
And I really like the smells and colors of spring .
Well . I can do it . And then ?
I want to open an account .
Thank you very much , Doctor .
Is there somewhere special you wanted to go ?
What subjects did you like most at university ?
Another piece of meat pie ?
Hi , did you call for an exterminator ?
Sorry , sir . We have only double tables left .
Sorry , it's not available now . Anything else ?
Where are you going ?
Next left then right ? OK .
I'm still nervous . I don't know what to say to the manager . I always feel ill in that kind of place .
Do you know how many people chew gum everyday ?
I don't know . It's still up in the air .
I'm after things to stuff dumplings with , like Chinese cabbage
What's the route ?
I would like to buy some beef .
What is your date of birth ?
Yes . Here you go .
Just a moment . I'll tell you about that in a minute . Where was I ? Oh yes . By way of illustration , let ' s look at the top five destinations in the UK for this kind of traveler over the last five years . If you look at page ten you can see what I mean . In spite of these characteristics of the market , I still think there is room for growth in the youth sector .
I have a flashlight in my closet . If you want to use that to read , you can .
Ok , that would be great . Do you like modern dance ? I don't care for it .
Next Saturday ? I ' m sorry . I ' Ve promised to go to a Chinese Opera with my daughter .
Please put your luggage outside your room by eight . The bellboy will pick them up .
The carpet needs to be cleaned , and I want to paint the walls a different color .
I hope so . too . But I still think the provision of arbitration is of great importance to both of us .
It's no big deal . Thank you .
OK , I'll meet you there .
Here's your receipt . Thank you for shopping here and have a nice day .
Oh , I ' m sorry to hear that .
and you don't have to work under that much pressure and control .
Personally I liked the main character . He was true to type .
I told you I ' m sorry . What can I do to make it up to you ?
I need it done today .
Hello . 9-1- 1 . Can I help you ?
There's a girl in my company that I really like but I always get shy when she is around .
Yes , I am looking for a suit .
Staying with Ultraman , of course . You know he likes it very much .
One Made in 100 % black Barathea wool , with 5 Celtic buttons .
What the hell are you doing now ?
Let me say something about the falling Australian Dollar . We're both hurt by the rising U . S . Dollar . We will have to pay more Renminbi for U . S . Dollar to buy wool from you .
I can do this for you . Don't worry .
What's it ?
Ok . I should have it finished by Friday afternoon . Then I can check those account over the weekend . We need to have them finished by Monday , right ?
I ' d like to go into management . I ' Ve applied for several jobs already and I ' m hopeful that I ' ll get some job offers . How about you ?
if you have a few minutes , I'd like to talk to you about my future at this company .
It takes some time for the stuff you buy online to arrive . But I think this problem will be solved soon .
Oh , yes Mr . Chou . We have been looking forward to this .
I ' ll till the soil and then sow the seeds . I ' ll then add some fertilizer and voila ! Gardening all done !
A soda sounds good .
My fault . I didn't realize what time it was .
I wish I'd put it in the bank .
Until then .
There . Stop !
We'll have to get you to a hospital . I can ride you on the back of my bike .
Could you show me my bill ?
The fridge and freezer is very spacious , and it also has an ice maker and water dispenser .
Yeah , I ' Ve been working so much overtime lately .
Could you adopt D / A or D / P ? You see I have to pay a deposit when I open a letter of credit . That will tie up my funds and add to the cost of my imports , especially for such a huge order .
Uh ... Yeah ! I ' Ve told you a thousand times that I ' m learning to play the drums . Now that I know how to play well , I would like to form a rock band .
I suppose . And what about the sunroof ? Is that standard ?
The doctor said I had to be careful .
Well , that's a start , I guess .
And where would you get a cup of cappuccino ?
Don't mention it . Oh , This is a small gift for you .
Why don't you re-take the class next year ?
Look out !
Coffee will be right with you .
The private room , please .
Maybe you can correct it by going to a driving range before you play again .
Jog ?
Good morning , Mr . Church . I ' d like some lamb chops for the children ' s lunch .
Oh , and it ' s out of paper . Do you have any more ?
I ' m afraid not . Don ' t you see I ' m looking up a word in the dictionary ?
No .
I wish I could , but I'm busy . I'm going to work at a soup kitchen tonight .
Oh really ! That sounds lovely .
Of course . Did you ?
I've seen photos of UFOs in America before , but they've all looked doctored up .
If you have your ID and are willing to pay a year in advance , we can do that for you today , there is no need to wait .
That's for the breakfast you ordered from the service .
We're going to buy a flat or a small house somewhere in South London .
You should open an account at the online bank first . After that , you can buy anything online .
I can't seem to find the cereal aisle .
I'd love to . Do you often come here to dance ?
I've got an awful headache , too , and my throat hurts .
Yes , but what ' s the banging noise ?
That's right . The company pays for all your medical bills and there is also some financial compensation if you have to take days off to see doctors or spend time recuperating .
My holiday is only six weeks , but I think my brother and his family would take it for the other two weeks . Is the house in good condition ?
I am thinking about quitting my job in the student government . But before that , I must do my job . Bye . Don't forget about that note .
That's wonderful news ! I'm glad we decided to rethink our actions ; it's all turned out for the best this way . Thank you for helping us to fix that little problem .
Make it work , Geoff . You would say that , wouldn ' t you , he is your cousin . what a jerk , make me hire your stupid , useless , cousin .
But the traffic is pretty bad .
By the end of next week .
Sure . It's the latest .
I believe in that . Well , the performance is about to begin . Let's be quiet .
It ' s all right . There are so many Christians in America that everybody takes it for granted that I ' m Christian .
Are you asking me for a date ?
Thank you , but I just finished eating some chocolate-covered cherries .
Excuse me , do you have any English songs ?
Susan has got married .
Have you got a temperature ?
Oh , doctor , please ...
40 miles per hour .
do they have to go to school on Saturdays ?
We need to make sure to put our names in the registry so the realtor knows we were here .
Mr . Rogers probably forgot to assign a locker to you .
How do you do ? I need your help in selecting a foreign market to invest !
Que bien ! Sentences poems habeas en espanol !
How long were you married ?
Do you plan to pursue further education ?
Did you get your learner's permit yet ?
Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries ?
Excuse me , what time is the next train to New York ?
That's good . It's most thoughtful of you to do this , Miss Wood .
I am calling to check your information before the interview . What position did you apply ?
No , this is 2517759 .
This can ' t wait ! I need your help now !
Where in London do you live ?
You ' re going to set up your own law office , aren ' t you ?
My friend and her fiance had a really good idea . They have cut out pictures from catalogues and pasted them in a notebook . The picture are of things they want . People sign their name by the item they will buy .
Well , I'm not sure of his name , but I know it's going to be his farewell performance .
What is the correct time , please ?
Do you think you'll get the project ?
I prefered working with other colleagues when I worked in my previous company . I think teamwork and cooperation are very important . No matter how competent he or she is in a company , he can't do without them .
that'd be great . I'll see you then !
Let's look at them all . Have you got a paper there ?
Could you tell me the cost of production per unit ?
Is there a problem ?
that ' for sure but very few .
Her new girlfriend is a far cry from Ann . She is like a breath of fresh air .
Could I have a fresh towel ?
Oh , yes , if you like . The large one goes to Washington . The other one I will take with me . All right ?
I'm afraid we have no more sole .
No , a lot of women stay home and take care of their families . But some work .
Maybe we can enjoy the TV play together . It's interesting .
You seem depressed these days . What's the matter ?
oh , they look nice . May I try that back one on ?
Hi , Steven . You have finished a wonderful project recently .
Are you sure you have the time ?
definitely . They don't take relationships and marriages very seriously .
Good morning , Kevin .
The Johnson are on their way back . You remember them , don't you ?
Do you have some new perfume ?
I am sorry . The flight on Nov . 21st is full . Do you mind if I put your name on the waiting list ?
Yes . Look , cashew , peanuts , assorted biscuits , chocolate , canned goods , anything else ?
When can I go inside then ?
Yeah , I'm OK , I have been having a lot of mood swings lately . I think it has to do with the pills my doctor prescribed that are causing chaos on my hormones .
What else can I help you with ?
I like talking to writers , I get to meet a lot of interesting people .
It is said that the sample 25 is the standard for others . It's complete . So would you like to sign the contract right now ?
Royal Hotel , can I help you ?
I'll see . I will if I can but I won't promise .
They're quite complex machines and they have a lot of different components . We need to check the metal casing regularly for any signs of corrosion . We also check the brushes once a fortnight to make sure they aren't worn down . It's important to make sure everything is properly aligned and we adjust it if necessary . There is a canvas belt at the end of the assembly line . If it gets wet , it might rot so we check that regularly too .
what do you hope to do when you finish university ?
Just looking at some books on how to learn English .
There was nowhere to park , and I needed to run in and get something .
What about inside the school ?
Is Mr Li in ?
And it must be very particular in cooking .
Can you tell me where your wine list is ?
I said he was nothing but a yeoman .
Thank you for telling me so much , I'll try them next time .
How do you ensure quality ?
Is a shop there ?
I think it is time to study . Our chemistry exam is coming .
Yes , sir . How much would you like to remit ?
Yes , but they do it differently . Everything is different .
No ...
Sure , Carolyn . I'm happy to help you . What kinds of things do you need right now ?
Ok . Bye .
What can I do for you , Kim ?
Dad , I've finished my homework .
Hey there , how are you doing ?
Yes . I have to take a conference . Are you English ?
Take your time . When you need anything , just call me .
Have you voted yet ?
I have him this semester . What do you think about him ?
A pleasure meeting you as well , the flowers are for you .
We need to elect club officials before the summer starts .
I am sorry to make you run down to the office for me .
I suppose he's not in top form .
Alright , we are waiting for you at 7 .
What do these other letters mean ?
You are right . For the past few weeks , I had no appetite and couldn ' t sleep well . What ' s worse my back started aching this Monday . It is time for me to take a vacation .
My bad , I had chores to do .
Would you be willing to take a typing and shorthand test ?
You know what , Trish ?
It's great ! The mountains here are beautiful and the skiing is spectacular . Have you been here for a long time ?
No . but I'm gonna . You know , several months ago , I backed into red Honda when parking .
Actually , I ' m interested in all of them . The more choices we have , the harder to make a decision .
Suddenly the ' great outdoors ' isn't so appealing . Let's hike a little faster ...
Can you show me on the map ?
He always makes fun of me . He always says things like that . You know the new coming teacher , a Chinese Canadian . He said she would really be my chance .
Not back home for dinner again ? That's the third time this week !
If you aren ' t there , we will use our master key to get in and check things out .
Normally , about 60 people . But it may depend .
I just want a light wave . I look really silly if my hair is too curly .
Ok , dear . We will be late .
I am studying at Beijing University . I major in Civil Law .
How about the eggplant and minced pork in dry red chili sauce and the ' Tofu ' beancurd ? They are our specialties .
Yes , that ' s right . So far , only small deposits have been found . Engineers in my country are focusing on drilling for oil . The government is keen to exploit our natural resources to get money to improve our country .
I certainly have the will but I wonder if I've found the way .
Can you repair my shoes ?
Whose handset sounds so beautiful
I think I can find that .
I can do that .
Gosh , Doctor . I had only three plates of ice cream . John had four .
My wife didn't like to go to amusement parks , so we compromised and finally went to the seaside . I think vacation in summer is not good .
There's a copy machine on the first floor in our computer lab , sir .
No problem . I wanted to remind you that my friend is getting married next week . You're still coming to the wedding with me , right ?
Actually , I haven ' t been sleeping well . I am kind of out of it .
Which account are you making this withdrawal from ?
A table for two , please .
I'm interested in applying for a credit card with you .
Sir , here is your curried beef .
That's it ! That's the one I was thinking of ! I told you I'd remember it !
The library closes at six o ' clock .
This one is too small . Please bring me a bigger one .
It ' s an article about language . It talks about the idea of having a single global language .
Nothing . The teacher said the only thing left was to get back all the disposable cups later .
really ? I never would have guessed . The criminals must only come out in the evenings , because I've never noticed anything strange when I've been at your house in the daytime .
Waiter , please bring me some toast .
Hey , guys !
Yes , it was wonderful but it's already been a year . How time flies !
Your car is rather old . Why not change a new one ?
well , I grew up in Africa , so I learned quite a few different languages .
not really . Sometimes , I even let other people make key decision for me .
I'm sorry for hero . I dont think there's any excuse for his acting in some parts .
Almost , let me just put my apron on .
Welcome to IBA . What can we do for you ?
She tried , but the line is always busy .
Give me a break . You don't care about the colors . You just like the hot babe on the cover .
Very Good . I'd like to do that .
I want some envelopes please .
No , I don't know where to find one .
My friend's room ? Oh , I see . Thanks a lot .
Of course . They will be happy you asked about them .
Mmmm ... , it's hard to say . I like golf a lot-but I guess like skating better .
What's wrong ? You don't like ancient Egypt ?
All right . Thanks for your help .
What time does the open house start ?
I am pleading not guilty .
But they are so silly ! They're not art !
That would be very good of you , Mr . White .
I will .
I can't believe how stupid you are . Why didn't you open the box ?
Sporting goods ? Is that bike Tim wanted on sale ?
I can help you if you can just tell me what evening you like the reservation for .
Do you think I could borrow the car ? I ' m going to a concert tonight .
not quite . I also greatly enjoy romance and comedy .
Women in particular . They are anxious to get rid of those thick and clumsy winter suits and put on their new fashionable spring dress .
OK , it will be a new experience for me .
I suggest the arbitration be held in a third country .
The question is , can he have it done before Friday ?
Oh , come on . I will be back as early as possible .
Jacob , you have the luxury of having a haircut that rarely needs styling . I don ' t . I have to set aside about an hour and a half to get ready in the mornings . Every day , I wake up and head straight for the shower . Every second day , I wash my hair . If it ' s a hair-washing day , I frequently need to wash my hair twice because it gets really oily . Then I usually put in a conditioner and have to rinse that out too . Because my hair is so long , I seldom manage to take a shower in under twenty minutes . Afterwards , I often put on a pot of coffee and get dressed while I wait for it to brew . I take a long time to get dressed in the morning . Every now and then I remember to choose my outfit the night before , but usually I do it in the morning . In all , getting dressed takes about half an hour , at which time my hair is now semi-dry so then I have to style my hair . From time to time I ' ll put my hair up , but oftentimes I bloody it straight . And then , because of the texture of my hair , I regularly have to flat-iron it to keep it from frizzing . That ' s another twenty minutes or so . After that , I have my daily makeup routine .
Couldn't he wait until we're finished eating ?
Come on . Put the gun down .
I am . I just went to the travel agent ' s and picked up these brochures .
But that game he dunked over me for 13 times .
On a hill to the east of the Tarsus river . You have a good view of the beautiful sunrise and sunset . You can't find a better home to live in .
Because I am very interested in administration and I did take some courses in it . I also performed well in the subjects . Hence I believe that I can do a good job in this position .
I ' ll go to your apartment tomorrow to fix the pipe .
You didn't ring me last night . You said you would .
Hey , Maggy , Did you hear about David ?
Is that so ? I'm afraid it is too narrow-minded to judge people using astrology . It's all stereotypes !
Yeah , hold on a second . I ' Ve got it in my office . Here it is . 553-2213 .
Me ? I prefer France .
I'll be sure to do that .
Politics is a hard game to play .
I am ready I am going to get , let's start !
Thanks for the vote of confidence , Justin !
It's all right ! I often fry sausages when my mom is not at home .
I can speak French and German .
There's a stop right next to the mall ?
Sure , I planted them . They're organic .
True . Ok . Let's see it this Saturday .
0kay . Dinner's on me .
I'm a graduate student here in mathematics . I've just come from China and I've never used a western library before . I'll be here for five years , so I'd like to learn to use the library as efficiently as possible . I wonder if someone might have time to show me around .
The ink should be next to the paper clips and thumb tacks in the stationary section , sir .
You have the right to remain silent .
OK . Relax . This car is an automatic , so you don't have to worry about a clutch .
Yes , sure . What time will the wedding begin ?
Oh yes , this is Penny's Pet Boutique . Please remind him that his appointment for his dog's shampoo and cut is on Saturday morning at 11 am .
20 is very colorful and feels nice . I'd like to start with it . Is it pure silk ?
We need milk , eggs , butter , coffee , vegetables , fruit , bread , cheese , and some snacks .
My mother's been ill and I had to stay at home .
it's a deal .
Mm . I've seen him a couple of times , I think .
Me too . Send you a kiss ...
I don't think I'll have any trouble with getting old . But perhaps you can keep the article for a while , I may read it later .
Well , can I put something in this handbag ?
Now wash them , then dice the potatoes and bell peppers .
Sure , we can reduce our price by ten percent .
It's easy . If you do exercise everyday , you can make it , too .
It ' s for a job . It looks perfect for you .
Good afternoon , you look a little stuck . Can I help ?
Don't be so irritable . I just don't understand the program , that's all .
Listen , Nancy . If I don't work hard , I will be laid off .
I hope I can adapt to the new job as soon as possible .
Cool !
It started yesterday . I didn't eat any supper .
Tell me where it happened and how .
Yes . I'd like to use a safety deposit box .
Our company just concluded a business transaction . You can help with documenting varies financial sheets involved in this transaction .
Do you mind going on frequent business trips ?
I guess you could say that . What kind of games do you like ?
Give me a break .
White rice , please . None of that healthy brown stuff for me !
Hi , my sweetheart . It ' s Dad .
Yes , I know what the curb colors mean .
I think he would appreciate having a very fine leather bag . But more like a workbag or shoulder bag . You know , not so hard and square like a briefcase .
Where can I buy textbooks ?
I'm so hungry ! I haven't late eaten all day !
Yeah , I got home around two .
We intend to establish business relationship with your company on the basis of equality and mutual benefit .
Galileo is one of them .
That will work .
Daniel , have you ever heard about the wildlife sanctuary ?
I know , Mr . Farmington . But , I ' m not sure that I should bring this up with him . I think it would be better if you spoke to him .
Oh , I didn't expect you to know them . But yes , I love them not only because of many medals they've won , but also because of their spirits .
Thank you . ( A moment later ) Oh , this one is quite impressive . I'll take it . By the way , do you sell pearl earrings ?
I am thinking about inviting you to a dinner . When would you have time ? And what kind of food do you fancy ?
Maybe . But it emphasizes participation and a spirit of courage , and can give one the extreme sense of cheerfulness and success . I'm getting to like the game more and more .
Oh , Can you hear me OK ? I said , come to the second floor .
Let's go !
Happy Women's Day . I love you forever , Mum .
How about languages ?
Yes , Jane was quite upset about it . The manager came to apologize and we did get free dessert , but still ...
It's almost impossible to get the right balance . If you are too strict , kids might ignore you . If you are too lenient , they might go wild .
What ' s happening ?
Would you like breakfast ?
Hey , buddy . Are the fish biting today ?
Let ' s go to the seashore on Saturday .
On the second floor .
Make sure to study first .
Yes . I'd like to check in , please .
Why not ? Do you think I should like modern dance ?
Certainly , madam . I'll be right back . Here is a blanket and hot water for you . Anything else ?
So so .
Yes , we do offer that package .
If I remember correctly , it's about $ 130 .
That's $ 1 825 .
But Bob is more generous and ready to help .
Good morning . Do you have a small house for the 18th and 19th of this month ?
Let me know when you find out .
What do you have to do to grease the palm of him ?
My eyes water continuously . Why ?
I'm going to change into my trunks right now !
No , it's at counter 1 , right over there .
Will the Award Letter tell me what I need to fill out next ?
If I do all this do you think I can lose twenty pounds in four weeks ?
Whoa ! We're changing partners now ? Where do I go ?
Well ...
Seven , please .
Do any of them have dancing figures ?
Oh , that's very considerate of you . I'lI take your word for it .
the tank is almost empty . I guess I ' ll drive to the petrol station to fill it up .
I feel it's rather dry here .
Yes , it is , sir .
There are several possible sources you might use for that topic . I suggest you use the computer and the computer will give you a list of every scientific journal that talks about children and television .
It is a long story . Basically , she thought I had laughed at her while I didn't .
Yes , thank you for bringing the wine . It really complements the meal .
Um , that ' s good .
Didn't you notice all the roses ?
Well . there're actually over 200 kinds of folk collections in this city . That's half the collections of antique objects in China . There's one exhibition half for multiple collection , and several individual display rooms for private collectors .
The bright people will remember it forever .
You were born in the year of the monkey ?
He needs to see the two of us to talk about next week ' s annual sales meeting .
Sorry , I dialed the wrong number .
Sure ! Right now , I would even eat hamburger !
I know but I was busy with my part-time job the last few days .
I'll give it back to you in a couple of days .
Fine . The housekeeper will open the door and stay in the room with the repairmen .
Alright , I'll bring it in this afternoon .
But actually it ' s not done yet . I ' m going to get a special pendent lamp .
That's great . Let's go skating together tomorrow .
Look ! This stock is rising now . I am researching it , and planning to buy some shares .
Yeah . I'm going to celebrate tonight . Wanna hang out ?
What do you like doing in your spare time ?
What aisle is that ?
Yes , my customers have started to complain too !
How long is my paid vacation every year ?
I ' d like to . But I ' m afraid I can ' t .
Sure I ' ll have the burrito . Do you have nachos ?
I took a year off to go travelling .
Oh , what ' s she like ?
I want sharing Company .
Okay . Check you later .
Yes , I will find one for you . Here you are . It's made of exceptionally good quality , pure wool , and is very soft .
Well , it's good that you're so talented .
I don't know . Maybe they're really crazy .
Do you have any questions ?
He said his grandmother got cancer and has only a few weeks to live . It's really so sad ! But when I talked to him on the phone , it sounded like he was holding up really well .
well , I'll come up with a detailed business plan to attract the investors .
Yes , I'm with my wife and child .
What can I do for you today ?
Can you tell me where I can park ?
Sorry , I'll bring them to you right away .
This is very beautiful . Though I have to confess , I don ' t know the first thing about farming !
Okay , let's go see a movie .
W-Y-A-T-T , Mark Wyatt .
It's time to go . Are you ready ?
Soup does the body good , sweetie . It's what you need when you're under the weather .
Yeah . I think my mom is the most worried . I'm basically worried about how she is doing .
He ' s predicting clear skies .
So it looks like we start selling in the U . S . next year .
Only when I go out . I'm not a big drinker .
Yeah , I believe it , but I want to know if you will give me a raise .
Won't you let me buy a new one tomorrow ?
What exercises can I do to firm up my backside
Yeah , I used to work out for an hour a day 4 times a week , and I saw no results . This is what you have to do to get noticeable results .
I'm sorry . I've lost my tags and receipt . How can I do about it ?
You mean my favorite movie of all time ? I guess I ' d have to say " pretty woman " .
I ' Ve heard this one before .
I want to know what's on that channel .
You mustn't go to bed very late . Can you be home before nine .
I know it's true , Sandy . But still some people lose control . They start to gamble , and they can't stop .
Wow , you are going to be busy this semester ! Okay , here you go . You are registered now . you ' ll have to make your first tuition payment before classes start .
I just hope he doesn't start bragging again !
Thank you . Hey , do you know how espresso got its name ?
She's my little niece . It ' s her birthday . They ' re singing " Happy Birthday " .
I have found I ' m short-sighted recently . I need to wear glasses . As a student , it ' s better for me to wear ordinary glasses instead of contact lenses .
Hey , did you hear the news ?
Hmm , you're right .
I ' m sure it will be wet when we arrive .
You're , going to be very busy .
I'm going to need to see your ID .
It's interesting and I want to buy one home .
Sure Linda , that's a great suggestion .
In that case , I'll be seeing you .
Is that the girl you spent almost every weekend with ?
Welcome to Lincoln Bank . Which service do you require today ?
Oh , very interesting . And what about Rita ? She was such a bright child -- always reading .
Just one second , sir , and I'll give you your receipt . Here you go .
Could I speak to Mr Wood , please ?
No . The Museum is the terminal of this bus .
Julie , what's on the tube ?
I have to wear it this afternoon . Do you have a urgent service ?
everything's great . I've just returned from my office .
Sounds good . Sorry , here comes my bus . You call me , or I'll call you to make a date .
Yes . The well-known Yellowstone Waterfall is formed when the Yellowstone Lake falls down into the Yellowstone Canyon .
I need you to talk to him , if you don't mind .
I want to buy a cell phone for my daughter .
Tom Black in Room 207 .
Room service . May I come in ?
Well , in the afternoon , after a long nap , we ' ll go yachting with Nora .
Are you trying to lose weight ?
I mean very short . shorter than it ' s now .
Things are tough all over . You should never give up !
Very well . I hope you ' ll enjoy your stay in America .
How long did it take ?
What's actually wrong with it ?
Look , I am playing the piano for you .
John , do you mind helping me prepare for the picnic ?
We ' re planning a June wedding , but we haven ' t picked a date yet .
About two hours out of Los Angeles . Give me the bags , I'll put'em on the bus . Here's your claim tag . Don't lose it . When you get off the bus , give it to me .
No . How about going to karaoke tonight ?
after I graduate , I have to do some more studies to pass exams to become a lawyer . I think I ' Ve got a good chance of passing . There ' s a possibility of getting a job with a law firm in London , provide
It's a very beautiful place in Southwest China .
Oh my gosh ! Your hair is amazing ! So silky , so shiny ! I am going to work my magic on your hair ! You hear me ? You are going to look like a million bucks !
What a wonderful party ! I had a good time . How about you ?
Well , it's a window table that we've booked .
Oh ! How about we hang it over here where everyone can see it ?
Yes , everything . They don't have the most expensive brands , but their quality is usually decent . The main thing is , they have good prices , and they are very convenient .
The file for the meeting needs to be retyped and please send it to us as soon as possible .
Where do we pay the fare ?
I'm afraid that's the best we can do .
Did you find what you were looking for ?
You mean the room 1818 ?
Wow ! This was a lot easier than I thought !
That takes some time .
We ' re going to need a lot of new stuff after the holidays . Let ' s make a list .
Excuse me , I've been waiting here for 10 minutes . Do you know how often does No . 636 run ?
Oh baby , I ' m so sorry .
Could you give me some details about that ?
But cartons are quite seaworthy . They are extensively used in our shipments to continental ports . There are never any complaints from our clients , and our insurance company has also approved such packing for W . P . A . and T . P . N . D .
What do we need ? Let ' s make a list .
So can I expect to hear from you to set up an appointment for an interview sometime next week ?
OK , Woody . Why are you interested in this job ?
Do you have any shoes like these ?
Could you take a picture of me to my friend ?
Please bring it to me on the rocks .
Honey ...
It's 9:30 .
No . This is my first time to buy some . You can see that its historical price data is rising now .
Well , if there ' s anything I can do for you , let me know .
I can't consider you as a little kid any more . I know he is very tall .
You know the phrase , the survival the fittest . We have no choices .
OK , comeback kid . Here's you last question . How many times did Robin Williams win the Oscar for Best Actor ?
Is this your luggage ?
Do you know of anyone who needs a roommate ?
I have it on highest authority that this traditional secret recipe has been handed down in the Granger family for generations . I ' m sure you can keep a secret . Buttermilk , cacao beans , sugar and Haggis .
We haven't played chess for a long time . How about playing chess ?
Thanks , I feel the same way .
It's a beautiful day , isn't it ?
Soft-boiled , please .
Really ? Have you ever been there ?
Can I be of any help ?
Go for it .
I'm serious . You deserved this promotion .
Did you get any perks on the job ?
Would you ? I wouldn't .
Hi , Bill . It's Marsha Black at MPPD Ltd . How are you ?
Come in . It's nice to see you again .
Will that work ?
I would like to make a withdrawal .
Yes . I ' Ve won the first prize in the math contest .
Actually , I haven ' t had a pizza for a while . Let ' s do that then .
It ' s huge .
I couldn ' t agree more .
She must have been a part-time worker . They didn ' t have much training . Why didn ' t you register then ?
Yes , and you must be James . It's nice to meet you at long last .
No , I thought it was too dull . I'm capable of more responsibilities , so I decided to change my job .
Very well . Please sit down here . Do you want me to cut your hair very close ?
I have a Time Deposit here and I'd like to get the money now .
Goodbye . Hope to see you again next year .
Well , I do aerobics every day after work . And then I play racquetball .
Didn't you like it ?
Oh , OK . What are you doing there ?
You owe some money .
Next month . So I can either move out then or renew my contract for another year .
Oh , I don't know . I'd buy a big house with a garden for my wife and kids , I suppose . But it's difficult to imagine having a lot of money .
Being a diabetic , you're not allowed to eat certain foods .
I've set some goals for myself and my career , and unfortunately I'm at a standstill in my current situation . I have begun to explore options available before I spend too much time in a job where I can't advance . My goal is to continue to take on new responsibilities and be a key contributor to the success of an online venture .
Would you like anything else with your package ?
We are sorry for our fault .
OK . Have you seen the samples ?
Yeah ... you ' re right . I really should stop smoking .
How much is the ticket for ?
But to me it's really enjoyable .
I think they are quite reasonable , and the vegetables are very fresh .
I ' d like a coffee please .
How is oil supposed to make you relax ?
That ' s another quid .
When muslims pray , they face towards mecca .
Did you know that they pay as much attention to what you ask as to what you say in an interview ?
What ' s your schedule like this year ?
About David ? No , I didn ' t hear anything .
Sandrawu Chunk International .
Oh , no one is perfect .
Oh yes , I ' Ve been to Britain many times . I go there on business .
No , I'm not clear .
That's a good idea . I hear Mary and Sally often go there to play pingpong . Perhaps we can make a foursome with them .
Yes , actually , the song has been sung since its publication in 1932 . People all over the world have sung it in many different languages .
I'm embarrassed ! I forgot completely about them . I'm terribly sorry .
$ 14,500 . It only has 10,000 miles on it , so it ' s like a new car .
Yes . What do you want to buy ?
This dress looks lovely on you , but it ' s not very practical , is it ?
I'm scared that she might not come back .
This is IBA Bank , Claire speaking , how may I help you ?
When can I see the one-bedroom apartment ?
We'll take great care .
Is this the first time you've come to our city , Mr . Ross ?
Let's have four coffees , please .
I met with the supervisor just this morning . I don't know , but I am a little worried . Who do you think will get sacked ?
My family really needs a car , we live quite far out of the town centre , but unfortunately we cannot afford to pay out such a large sum of money in one go .
That's perfect . I will definitely do well .
Yeah , we did get off too early .
In No . 4 Dorm . I like dorm life . You will meet a lot of people and you don't have to cook . What about you ?
The red and yellow peony flowers are so beautiful .
is it ok to include the pictures ?
Here's my ticket right here .
Did you watch the finale last night ? My favorite singer won !
My son is alway complaining that I dump on him . He was very rude and told me to mind my own business . I cannot put up with that .
I would love to be famous and have thousands of adoring fans .
Should I have brought anything with me ?
This is your first Christmas in the US . Here is the gift for you .
That's not a good excuse .
Have you ever thought about Tom ' s attitude ?
I'm just fine , thanks , Jane . I'd like to make a withdrawal from my Current Account , please .
I don ' t think I ' ll need a Polaroid . Does this 35mm camera have an automatic flash ?
You dance beautifully too .
Wait a minute ! Just hold your horses ! What's your hurry , anyway ?
I want a salad with some chicken .
I'm pretty good . Thanks for asking .
Have you got any special training in programming ?
Oh , that's where I'm going .
Did you ? I didn't hear you . It was too noisy .
It goes to the Gold Line ?
Did you know that he is a fairly new teacher and very current in his field ?
Are you ready to order ? May I suggest a veal .
Let me see , I am sorry . It's for table 11 .
Certainly . You will also be receiving a 50 % discount as our way of apologizing for the inconvenience .
I'll prepare that . Do you prefer white rice or brown rice ?
that's exactly why I decided to quit the job and find a new one .
We could start with Hydrochlorothiazide , which is a diuretic .
I'll get you her number . I hope she can do it . She is very responsible .
Just fine . Are you busy now ?
Ok , it's a date then !
Well , I guess you will meet many people in this field . So don ' t forget to pack enough business cards in your suitcase .
I see that you have some impressive writing experience .
Wang Min . Telephone number is 13811658 . Can I pick the tickets this afternoon ?
Yeah , I know it sounds weird , but a 401k is a type of retirement plan that allows employees to save and invest for their own retirement . Through a 401K , you can authorize your employer to deduct a certain amount of money from your paycheck and invest it in the plan . Everyone tries to contribute as much as possible so that when you retire , you can rest peacefully on your nest egg .
You're so lucky . If he bought you something for no special day , I wonder what he would buy you for your birthday .
Yeah , I like her way of teaching . She told us not to cram for exams , and to pay more attention to communicating than memorizing .
The new webpage design is much more effective than before . I feel confident it will rope in a lot more business because of its user-friendly format .
Let's have pumpkin pie .
Has and advertising campaign been prepared ?
I will . How would you like your hair today ? The same style as usual ?
Well , my first order of business will be attending a conference in Seattle , but after that I intend to spend two weeks visiting my friends . I assumed a business visa would be required .
People here desire medium-priced air freshener only . Please carefully consider my proposal , which will lead to a larger business between us .
I think it is easy . I could work in your class with no problem .
Yes , give me two rolls of Kodak color film .
Come on in , please .
Oh really what ' s happening ?
Why do you think that this would be a good move ?
Yeah , I'm very nauseous . It ' s mostly nausea and a fever .
Guess what !
It's only a couple of dollars more . For that much money you can afford to risk it .
At the new Five Spices restaurant in Chaoyang .
Just give me a second . I'll be right up . I ran a virus scan on your computer , and it turns out that you have a lot of infected files !
My birthday is June 14th , 1985 .
Thanks . Maybe if things slow down later I'll stop by your table .
You bet .
Well . You'd better take a hot shower right now , or you will catch a cold .
You need all your receipts for reimbursement .
You know in China we usually don't open presents until the guests leave .
What is available ?
I need that to relax . I'm going to put a few drops in my bath water .
Why don't you just ask the bus driver for a transfer ?
Here you are . Would you like a cup of tea or coffee ?
I'm sorry for that , I'm going to check with the chef right now . Miss , I just checked with the kitchen , and they said your order will be coming right up next . Oh , here comes .
I ' m going to need your library card .
Bad . My nose keeps running . And my forehead is burning .
Most people think that wealth means success . But from my point of view , the problem should be viewed from two aspects . On the one hand , wealth is a very important thing to measure success . The ability to make money , to some extent , signifies your knowledge , your capability , the value of your labor , etc .. With the development of our economy and industry , more and more people are pursuing money these days . And in toda / s society , If you have money , you seem to have everything . But this is not the case . I think success , on the other hand , also means satisfaction from work . It also means that you can get respect from others .
Isn ' t he the best instructor ? I think * he ' s so hot . Wow ! I really feel energized , don ' t you ?
How much , please ?
It only takes a few minutes . Some people like their meat well done , others like it rare . The great thing about the barbecue is that everyone can choose how they want their meat cooked .
I don't know if it will turn out good . The window might cause the picture to be blurry .
I want to send some important documents to Canada for my postgraduate admission .
Here ' s your change .
Oh , my birthday is in December just before Xmas so of course nobody remembers .
OK . I look forward to working with you . Enjoy your week !
What's special about it except its pleasant smell ?
One of my snowshoes got caught on a rock .
I'm not sure what kind I want .
Great . Would you like coffee or tea with that ?
Give me a minute .
Nick ! How ' s it going ?
oh , really ? so you just took home a stray cat ?
So , please !
Please call me or send e-mail . Could you please let me know when your organization can make a decision ?
Sure , we can . You know , we are been in the line for more than twenty years , and I think our price are competitive comparing with those in the world market .
Duh ! I would say yes ! Eric is the most popular kid in school ! Okay , my turn . What would you do if you won the lottery ?
Come on ! What have you got to lose ?
Nah , not too flashy .
He ' ll finish writing in a minute .
I am an Assistant Electronics Engineer .
80 yuan .
Well , we could eat in more often . That $ 400 for entertainment is mostly going to restaurants .
Why ? Isn't it obvious ? First you impose way too much on me , and I'm tired away . Second , you stood me up on the Valentine's Day .
I'm looking for a pan I can use in my kitchen .
OK . Have you filled in the Declaration Form ?
What is the starting salary for me ?
Slow down ! You can't exceed the speed limits .
Try and stand up . Can you stand up ? Here . Let me help you .
Right . She ' s not very tall and she ' s quite plump . She ' s got blonder hair , but I don ' t know what color her eyes are .
Let's string the lights first . Then we won't have to mess up the decorations .
Hope so .
Let's go get something to eat .
Actually it is . Perhaps you haven ' t noticed the sign .
Much as I wish to but I really can ' t . I've already booked the flight .
I'm wondering whether you could come over for a pizza sometime next week ?
Oh , so organic vegetables are the green option , right ?
Well , she's quite short .
Do you need someone to drive you home ?
It's on the arm rest .
I suppose so .
Can I get on line to search one , too ?
You've dated a lot . What's so different about Diana ?
Every year , the South has the floods . It is an act of God .
Is the car owner a lady with deafening voice ?
Mark , you are not telling me the truth . Now why ?
Sure , I've been meaning to visit that place myself .
That's true , but you already have two back coats and one black sweater .
Are you sure you know where this bus goes ?
I don't know ... Hey , do you think I could borrow your car for a few hours ?
You're right , Sarah . I was a fool . I can't believe it . How could I fall for such a trick ?
Thanks so much . Right , I've put my card in . What now ?
Yes , I finished last Friday .
Can you vouch for me that I was with you yesterday ?
I park in the evenings .
That's great . We can also take the dragon kite with us . After the picnic , we can fly it .
Hummum ... I think I'll have to talk to the doctor again about that . Anyway ... now that I'm going to have to make some claims , I think I'd better try and understand how the system works . Would you mind breaking it down for me ?
I'm going to London on business next week . But I know nothing about it .
It took quite a while , but the worst part was getting numbed . They had to give me 3 shoots .
What type do you have in your mind ?
No , that's it .
Can you show me the way , please ?
What is it ? Do you want me to read your essay ?
For me , I think I will iron my shirt and trousers . Actually , weekends tend to be the most hectic day in the whole week .
Sure can .
In my wedding ceremony , where do my parents sit in the church ?
I am sorry , we do not accept checks .
Is this time one of them ?
Could you tell me more about it ?
Yeah ... me , too .
If you walk down Fair Oaks to Altadena Drive , you can catch the 267 .
sounds great . Are there many business opportunity ?
Okay , this sounds a little tough , how am I supposed to practice for this ?
I think that's an important part of it all ... we've got to be able to see another side of our co-workers and boss ... We can see what they're like as real human beings , working together on some project , for fun . I really think it helped our team jell together better .
But you are holding it for me . Nothing to worry about . I trust you . Oops , what's that ?
Hello , I bought a pen in your shop just before .
Have you even thought that far ahead ? I mean what country would you like to do business with ?
OK . I'll go and get a pair of them .
Ok . I ' ll try my best to calm down first .
Sarah and I could see eye to eye with each other .
Taiwanese style ? Isn't dim sum Taiwanese style ?
Fully agree . I do enjoy the convenience though I am still a beginner in using Excel . The latest office equipment is more type-functional . It combines fax machine , copy machine and printer in one . It saves a lot of place one machine instead of three .
I ' m not crazy about it at all .
Well , according to the principle of our company , employees like you have no remuneration during the probation period .
About a month .
That ' s correct .
how do you spend your afternoons ?
You're right . They can discuss what to get and avoid buying the same things .
There are two different types that we are offering at the moment , Dividend Deposit and Dividend Participated Deposit .
I want to buy a shirt .
I know . I know . I don ' t smoke too much , though .
Well , have you ever thought about learning some Chinese ?
I like the back best . I am good at freestyle stroke , but I usually use breast stroke as it keeps me from getting tired .
So you are watching your weight , aren't you ?
Let's meet tonight at the Thai restaurant at about 5 .
I'm going to Wangfujing .
I ' d prefer non-smoking roommates , but I guess I ' ll have to take what I can get !
Yes . Sure . You do have storage service . When will be checking out tomorrow ?
Am I supposed to pee into the cup ?
We rappelled down the side of 300 - foot cliff . It was very exciting .
But I actually dislike another lady . She is more capable and seems to have ideas of her own . But the trouble is she Isa backseat driver with some of us . She would tell you what to do and where to put things .
Could you tell me where the cereal is ?
You need a babysitter .
Yes . In fact , one of the categories is on foreign language films .
If you're staying at our hotel , you may sign the bill .
It is higher than the rate of interest for Current Deposits and a little lower than the rate for the 6 - month time deposits .
Right .
Do I have to memorize it ?
I'm here to sign the agreement .
Yeah ! He ' s very good at showing off his knowledge .
When do you want to go ?
Shall I get you another cup of coffee ?
In 1997 - when it was bought by a German company . They set up two more business in the UK .
Great , thanks . What ' s up ?
are you planning on going to university ?
Will you introduce me to the new colleague ?
Did you play football with other children ?
I ' m looking at my horoscope for this month ! My outlook is very positive . It says that I should take a vacation to someplace exotic , and that I will have a passionate summer fling !
I'll tell you what , if your pet can fit in this little box and doesn't have fur , it is welcome here .
Um ?
I use it for several things-surfing the net , word processing and creating presentations . I don ' t play many games on my computer , but I do a lot of work with photographs . Using c computer program , you can edit and resize photographs . You can also make them brighter or darker and cut pieces from different photographs to create new ones .
No , how much is it worth ?
What's the special today ?
Yes , of course . I'm Jimmy White .
Yes , I'll have tomato soup and my friend will have mushroom soup .
We start on Monday . Can you be there ?
Listen , Carol . Don't let this bother you too much . Probably it's nothing . Just keep your eyes open when you go out . If you see him a third time , and if he follows you again , then I think we should go to the police . But for now , just try not to worry .
Have you tried other companies ?
What kind of card ?
OK . Next , put the mixture into a baking pan and bake it forty-five minutes at 360 degrees .
Because I feel tired all the time , even when I wake up in the morning . I find very difficult to do any work . I have no appetite . My wife cooks me delicious meals but I can only eat a little .
Thanks a lot . I expect to see your name nominated pretty soon too . You ' Ve been doing some great work .
Are you feeling OK ?
3 years .
Can you recommend some universities with good graduate schools ?
Well , it ' s only three stops from here .
But they wouldn't lay you off ! You are the most experienced project manager in the company .
He lives in the city and you know how expensive it is to keep a car in the city .
Do you mean all the sales letters from them ?
Also , the matter of pay is also a consideration .
I doubt it , I ' ll deal with it right away . Luckily it wasn ' t a glass of red wine , I ' ll just get a bowl of water and a cloth .
So , what's the problem ?
I'd like to , but I'm afraid that my schedule is full this week .
Why only $ 300 ?
Is it ? I have no idea if I ' m so late . I must be off now .
Very wise decision . When was the last time you had a tune up ?
Here you are , But I forgot my photos .
Don't be proud . You'll gain a lot in the following job .
Yes , but now we are fresh out of staff quarters .
No wonder his son is so clever .
I ' m studying for my chemistry exam tomorrow .
I have no idea . Measure me , please .
What's the matter with my wife ?
Oh , definitely . I remember , when I first arrived in Guangzhou , my girlfriend was haggling with a sales clerk over the price of a mobile phone .
Well , to come straight to the point , could you tell us something about your new price ?
How many ports do we call at on our passage ?
Sounds like a pyramid scheme . Have you heard of those before ?
I want to get some cable .
Are you kidding ? Can you afford it ? Do you think we can get a room on such short voice ?
You can super-size your meals for only three dollars extra .
Your company is very well respected . About how long have you been in business ?
Yeah , prices have really gone up the past couple of years .
What about cash ?
Sorry , I thought you knew .
What do you consider to be your weak points ?
You understand a timely delivery is very important to us .
Why don ' t ' we say the 3rd around 2:00 p . m . ?
Fantastic ! I didn't want to come back .
The carpeting and paint are all new , as well as the window treatments .
I could help you with that .
All right . Do you have the receipt ?
Okay ! Bye !
Shall I see you on Friday morning ?
Do you have spare time tonight ?
No , but I ended up finding out later that night when I saw her drinking with another man at a club near my home !
Yes . Let's first define the inspection right .
What's wrong , Jerry ? You look so upset .
They played ball at school . Here we go . Yi-jun , go out for a pass !
That's true , but then you have to buy a record player .
I'm afraid you've parked on a double yellow line , sir .
I ' m supposed to be going to shanghai .
Well , I won ' t put a crime into their doings .
You did well on the math test .
Sure . It's my pleasure . The elevator is right there ; your room is on the fifth floor . Here is your room .
Yeah . Especially when you have something urgent to do .
I know . Are the subway trains easy to take here ?
Can I take your order ?
Visit customers , dispatch consignments and things like that .
Really ? Have you won a fortune in the lottery ?
You mean like a breast enlargement ? I don't think that's really necessary . That's not the way a woman should stay attractive .
Please to meet you , Miss Chen . My name is Joey . Welcome to the hotel . Here are the keys , registration slips and breakfast vouchers . Break-fast will be served from seven tomorrow morning . Is there any change in your schedule ?
Yes , so that's an extra  6 for both of us .
Will you be kind to say " Thank you " to Mr . Zhang and other friends for me ?
Yes . That ' s why I listen to it in the evenings . I usually play it as background music while I ' m cooking or doing other housework .
I see . I'll follow your instructions .
To get a little exercise . I'm so out of shape .
Maybe I can meet you at the club and we can play tennis together .
Based on what you said , does it mean that we can not have a trademark like ' genova ' , right ?
Good morning , is this Ryan ?
I have no experience but I ' m interested in it .
I don't have this kind of software .
Wrap a few loops of the bandages around my upper arm , then twist . That will work as a tourniquet . After that , you can cut more of the bandages to cover the wound .
Nice to meet you , Mr . Wilson .
I like it black .
I'd like to have prawn cocktail , and tomato soup for the main course , I'd like steak with onion , with some black coffee afterwards .
That ' s lovely .
Sure it is . I really hate to get caught in a traffic jam .
400 US dollars . Here it is . Would you please give me small bills ?
No . I couldn ' t find a policeman .
It makes me sick .
Have you ever figured out your credit score ?
I will be done before they come .
How moving love is .
Ok . I understand that we basically work form 8: 30 to 5:30 with an hour-long lunch break from 12 to 1 , right ?
That's wonderful . Isn't your company part of ARE Corporation ?
License and registration please . Have you been drinking tonight , sir ?
How about Great Canyon ?
I don't think this mall has a leather goods store . So we have to go to State Street .
Yes , It's fully furnished .
In the good old days , it was only five cents a copy . I'll be right down .
When we were students , he was no good in any subject .
People of different races are fit for quite different sports . For instance , Asians are especially good fattable tennis , badminton , diving and shooting . They seem to have been born with certain natural endowments in technical sports , in which flexibility , agility and quick reflexes are favorable .
Sure . What ?
I had it when I left the house . I had it when we start to get the hotdog .
Good , well we can discuss this more then , but I think the figures are looking very good for this quarter .
I don't get it . We have more than 100 channels and there's still nothing good on ! Maybe we should just turn off the TV , get outside , and do something real .
Tell me what they taste like .
thanks a lot .
Do you want the large size , or the small size ?
Maybe he's abnormal .
I think is looks great . I really like the light colors you have chosen . The pictures are nice too . Did you buy any new furniture ?
What computer languages have you learned ?
I know . But attending Miss Li's class is just waste of time . No more than one third of her students will go to her class .
That's what I plan on doing unless I keep screwing up . How did you do this semester ?
You've come to the right store . We've got a beautiful and wide selection of necklaces for you to choose from .
yeah , I worked as temporary staff in her concert . Look , her poster , a CD ...
Yes , madam . There's one in the seat pocket . Here you are .
OK , please move your vehicle off to the side of the road . We will check on it . Do you feel like you need an ambulance , Miss ?
500 dollars ! That's too much ! You just said you are afraid to lose your money . If you're afraid , why do you want to gamble 500 dollars ?
Can I help you get ready ?
Can I still catch T107 for Xiamen ?
Here are your ticket and change .
I can ' t wait to retire .
It's all right . Please charge it to my credit card .
Yes , I'd like to see the receipt . Oh ! I see you bough the watch last week .
You haven't had much luck lately , have you ?
I like those kinds of programmes too . They ' re very informative . I think that many people underrate the education value of tv .
Every thing for winter is 20 % off .
What a pity ! I should have come earlier .
Better not forget that , so kill you if you don't get her something .
You should consider eating healthier food and getting some more exercise .
Without doubt , rock is trash .
It doesn't seem very hopeful to close the deal on this price .
We contact through email .
Good . I totally agree with what you did .
I think I'll have a latte , please .
Let's program your courses , since you have had English literature , you should take American literature and American prose and fiction . You transcript indicate that your english background is strong , so I don't think you have any problem with it .
I know , but another pair can ' t hurt .
I am looking for some information about home stay .
Sorry , sir . Dinners are available 20 minutes , drinks are served throughout the flight .
Would you like to go skiing with me ? I heard the new ski area is great . They have safe tracks , especially for the beginners and provide free training . I think it suits you best .
Did you see the car before it hit you ?
I've enjoyed conversing with you .
Well , shall we go to the hotel right now ? I've already made a reservation for you .
My family and I are going to dinner .
They're on special this week . They've been reduced to five dollars .
Thanks a lot . You have been here for almost three weeks . How time flies !
You don't have to go to the mountains ! I stand on my head during my yoga routine every morning !
Yes . That would be fine .
Yes . Your ticket is valid for three days .
Wedding rings !
We appreciate your efforts in promoting the sale of our clothes in the market of this city . But according to our record , your annual turnover is not too big , so I think it is premature for us to discuss the question of agency .
I'm looking for some fresh produce that's on sale .
I guess using a computer has a great deal to do with human interaction . Getting in touch with each other must be more fun to your wife and my son than the coolest computer games or the hottest information .
Do you think we can get to the airport by 8
Good idea !
I'm lucky I wasn't killed . I must have been going around forty-five miles an hour . There was too much gravel on that corner . I slid out .
I hope that they have a good menu . Most coffee shops only have coffee and Danish .
Yes , I want to buy some grapes .
I ' m sorry . Todd , but Mr . Emory felt that it was going too slowly , and that it needed a fresh start . He should have told you .
Seventy-six , I think .
Well , how do you like this one ? You will stay there for 17 days .
Pretty good , Sam . Only the awful weather , you know .
And must I go back to school ?
Hold on , that's an item . You should put that in the recycle bin next to the trashcan .
Good idea . That might help .
I ' d like to live somewhere near the university , or at least on a bus line .
No . But I often send e-mail to them . And make a call to my parents regularly .
This isn't like you ... Well , I hope you will have a nice flight and a successful start in business .
What ' s your problem ! Geez . Having a fit is not going to help !
In autumn , almost all fruits are ripe and all crops are waiting to be harvested .
Are you sure Lucy has it bad for you ? If she does , she will certainly bend over backwards for you . But if she doesn't , it would be a job to change her .
You spoken English is pretty good . Please tell me your experience in learning English .
yes , I experienced one when I was in Tokyo once . The tremors only lasted a few seconds though and then it was over .
It will cost you around five hundred to one thousand dollars for a home inspection .
Look at this bridge . We will soon be crossing the Thames .
Hey , let's eat out tonight .
I've given her enough time . I'm over it now .
No , forget that ! Do the tourniquet first . I'm losing too much blood .
Yeah , I go a lot too . I saw a bear and a mountain lion on my last hike .
No , I won't . I'm going to skip TV tonight and work on your chess game with you if that's ok with you .
As a matter of fact , you do .
Television is undoubtedly a great invention , but one of the main criticisms of it is that people just aren't selective enough . Lesley , got a television . how do you pick out the sorts ofprogrammes you want to watch ?
He is a nice guy and very considerate . I am impressed with how smart he is and he has a great sense of humor .
ok . I ' ll let you know when I ' Ve sorted out my clothes .
Do I have to come back here after getting registered ?
Hi Pete , how do you know my name ?
It is the Colorado River . You can go down the river in a boat if you wish .
Can you book me a double room for February 22 ?
Yes , I'd like to report a case . Somebody broke into my house .
The government has to face a lot of social problems now .
The dishwasher broke down . I had the repair done and deducted the cost from the rent check .
Has everything been OK with you lately ?
Yes , here's your key . The bellboy will take you to your room .
Oh dear , my weight has gone up again .
What kind of personality do you think you have ?
And I represent ?
Only ten percent tax is included in the bill .
But it is lucky for us . The company computers don ' t have software keeping tracks of websites we visit . I have shopped too often online these days .
Well , DHL is famous for its speed and reliability . It is the fastest international postal service available . The document will arrive in two or three days .
I know where that is at .
yeah , after receiving my yearly bouns , I want to search out better opportunities in the spring job market . I've been working in the company for nearly a year and a half and I still haven't received
Everything's gone wrong .
No way ! I worked very hard so that I could leave on today ' s flight . Are there seats on another airline ?
That's right . Now this one looks alright ? It's a detached or do you prefer this one ? It's Sony .
I had an interview with your company two weeks ago . I am calling to ask about the interview result . I hope you can give me a positive reply .
Well , first of all , it ' s much bigger . It has the same number of rooms , but each room is larger . We also have a larger garden , which our dog loves , of course !
The workmen oughtn't to leave it without a no tice .
Hi Eric , this is her roommate Kathy . I met you a couple months ago at the Christmas party .
Actually , in my opinion , the carts were better because you don't have to tip them .
Is there someone I can talk to about a payment question ?
Oh , I'm so sorry .
Really ? Why ?
That ' s true . I ' m wondering did you learn anything from the job ?
How beautiful they are ! Thank you so much .
It's sapphire . We have only one brooch of this type . Will you try it on ?
yes , she said they couldn't communicate well with each other and they often argued over trivial things .
Oh , I agree . We both work hard and a little beauty treatment can relieve stress .
Here will be OK .
Really ? Say it !
Thank you . Steven . That was the most magnificent meal I've had abroad . You ' ll have to let me reciprocate the next time you're in Beijing .
You need to contact the utility company and make arrangements to transfer the utilities to your name .
Do you have any seat preferences , sir ?
I ' m pretty tired . I haven ' t been sleeping well .
It departs at 4:40 pm tomorrow and arrives in Sydney at 10:20 am . the next morning by way of Melboume .
That would take care of it , thank you .
Yes , doctor . ( The doctor examines the patient )
Thank you very much . This should only take me a few minutes .
We share the same desire . Have you seen the display of our products in the exhibition hall downstairs ?
What would you like for a drink ?
The doctor prescribed an ointment and gave me a shot .
Oh , yes , sure . Let me put it in the boot .
They really started looting ?
Didn't they announce that our flight was delayed ?
I really like the way this house looks .
Tomorrow night would work for me .
You mean the white building near the playground ?
There is a songbook . All the words are in the songbook . Many people have to read the words .
Fine , thanks . And you ?
No , I have no complaints . I hear there are many opportunities to move up in this company . is that true ?
Where are you going for your holidays , Charles ?
You might be right . I guess most parents want their kids to be like them , but kids today grow up in a different environment . You know , they know much more about the world from the internet , newspapers , and tv .
Really ? I like hot food . Can you make a few suggestions ?
We are faced with the problem that part of the consignment is unacceptable . We assume that damage occurred during the consignment was in your care .
You look upset . What ' s wrong ?
Really ? He looks so young .
How about this sunday ?
Here is the two dollars , will you bring me the receipt ?
Yes , simple as it is . It does work .
It looks great .
Jingshan Park is especially a popular place for old people socializing and gathering . People can often find elder folks dancing , singing opera and other cultural activities at Jingshan Park .
No worries .
Thank you . It is very kind of you .
What a nice garden ! Look at these tulips !
Me too . But what are we going to do ? I have been on 4 different diets and I can't seem to lose weight .
I don't think so . You are flattering me .
That sounds really good to me right now .
Excuse me , you look lost . Can I help you ?
How much do you spend on development every year ?
I'm afraid you can ' t .
Oh , I won't be back so early . The film will be over at nine . Can I have the key to the bicycle ?
Of course I have . I'd like to marry a handsome man and have two children if possible .
We would like to make a specific mention of one more point . As our sole distributor , you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own .
No . Thank you . It looks a bit too dangerous for me .
when did you graduate ?
I go as much as I can . I love hiking , because you can really get in touch with nature .
Name , age and date of birth , please .
But they won't ! I checked the seller's history , and he got good reviews from other buyers .
Oh , you're lucky , there are just two tickets left . Do you want to take them ?
We're going to pay by check .
Thank you honey , it means a lot to me .
Oh , I forget . Who ' s invited ?
Oh , is that all ?
Thanks for the pizza . It was delicious .
That's a good school . What do you study ?
OK . Try closing down all the files you're not using at the moment .
The oceans and landscapes all influence our climate .
I like diet sprite . Does that have any caffeine in it ?
That's very impressive . Which course did you like best ?
Okay . No problem .
It tastes great , but it is really dry . Is your fish all right ?
Let ' s hit the whirlpool for a bit . It ' ll help me loosen up .
That ' s not a very good idea . It ' s quite hot outside . Why don ' t you smoke outside ?
What do you want to know about me ?
My stomach's growling again !
Oh , I think I know what you're talking about .
My cigarettes .
The stewardess said it's not company policy to wake people up for any reason .
Just plug the Ethernet cable into your computer , and you'll be off and running .
It ' s under the couch .
The next flight is at five fifteen and there's another at six thirty .
How do I look ? I love these braids . They're fun !
Yes , in this position I was able to make some pretty significant contributions to the overall success of the company . With the different initiatives that we implemented , we lowered our churn rate to about five percent , which had a direct impact on revenue .
Oh , that ' s better . So you don ' t have to rush .
Can you tell me how much that'll cost ?
Good morning . What can I do for you ?
did you go to a public school or a private school ?
What is your technical title ?
that ' s pretty strict , if you ask me .
Right !
Check the mirror . How do you like it ?
Pleased to meet you , Mr . Farley .
Yes , I would like to make a reservation for May 3rd .
I like to get rid of clothes that I don ' t wear rather than keeping them in a wardrobe . They take up too much space . There are several charity shops that you can give old clothes to . They will be happy to receive them as long as they are in reasonable condition .
I'd like to check in .
Are you riding ? You have to install an anti-virus software on your computer . If not , you will be attacked by viruses , and it can lead your computer into failure .
I will call you when I find it .
Why do you like it best ?
I went across the street . There is a good Chinese restaurant next to the hotel .
It's a scam 7 that's based on a hierarchy , like a pyramid . The person at the top asks the people below him for money , and then tells them to go and ask other people for money while sending some of it back to him .
not yet .
Her name is Laura , isn't it ?
I'd like to have my hair cut .
OK . Wait for a moment , please . I'll be back in a moment with the dishes .
That's over by the paper towels and toilet paper .
I'm going to try to find a place near the office .
Have you got a scholarship , or are you on your own ?
Hey , sorry to be late .
I always make my salads with shredded cheese , croutons , and almonds .
Ok . Look ! It ' s just near your foot .
Yes , please . I'd like a cigarette , too . May I have one ?
Thanks a lot . My wife and I will be welcoming and looking forward to your visit .
Do you want a cup ?
Let ' s call it a day .
Would you be using English every day in this job ?
Don't worry , sir . I've never cut a customer . Shall I trim your moustache ?
I want to have a picnic with my friends , Mum .
Not at all . It ' s a piece of cake .
He knows you very well .
OK . Our check-in time is after 12:00 . And see you tomorrow .
What's there to see ?
It ' s OK . It seems we have a lot in common .
Oh , not yet . At least have one for the road .
I am quite outgoing , I think .
May I take your order ?
Hello .  this is Susan .
it's an Egyptian carpet . The student came to my office the other day and brought the carpet to show his gratitude . Seeing what gift was , I was really uncomfortable . I mean it's too expensive a gift
Is this the right counter to check in for this flight ?
Don't worry . Bye .
No problem , can I get you anything else ?
That was really a nightmare !
Can I get a city map at the hotel ?
Take it easy . There is still one more week left before the exam begins . Have you prepared for it well ?
yes . In fact if you look at my resume , you can see that I was a manager before I started this job .
In total , it should be about $ 5,000 for the week conference . Would you like to see the breakdown ?
I mean beautiful and heartfelt-something that will make her cry .
Oh , great , I saw a job ad outside your store . I am interested in the job advertised . I am coming to see if there is any opportunity available for me .
My advisor ?
Yes , you are right . I think weekend is the time for family gathering and rest Maybe you could make that suggestion to your boss .
Well , let ' s go to the marathon tomorrow then ! We can just stand by the side of the road .
How long will it take for my new apartment to be ready ?
Fine . I'll go vacuum . Let me know if you need any other help .
Do you have hypertension ? I would have thought you were too young .
Do you have any plans for dinner tonight ?
What about Mr . White ?
No , you are wrong . Money can't buy happiness and health . I won't sacrifice my health in order to get money . In other words , I don't want to be a millionaire and I want to have more free time to enjoy life .
Let the men take the lead !
You shouldn't use my example . It wasn't special . I kind of wish I made it more special but it's too late now .
Sure . What I mean is that either side could cancel the training contract after the six months as long as it's in writing .
They must be your parents , what do they do ?
Is there a supermarket nearby ?
Of course , yes . They look nice . And they're not expensive .
Oh , right . I remember . There you are . Hope you don ' t have as many problems as I had !
Great . Talk to you then .
Yes , we do . It is an exciting moment .
I don't see them .
I do .
Well , it's making a strange noise when we try to change paper trays .
I'm afraid not . To me getting in touch with each other has more fun than the coolest computer games or the hottest information .
Oh , a cat ? Come on .
OK . Yeah ! Yeah !
I think you ' Ve included all the essential things . You might want to make the conclusion a little longer . Restate your reasons clearly .
That is true . Some people go camping , some people pick fresh fruit , some people go boating and some people go grass skiing .
Well , I am sure you will .
We'd better ask dad first .
Yes . My name ' s Mark Benson . I just started a couple of weeks ago .
I have it already .
When can I have my trousers if I bring it to you tomorrow ?
But very much quicker . But I know we'll never agree on this subject . You prefer the car . I prefer the train .
I don't understand why you haven't come to visit me .
I'd prefer a black one .
What size ?
Bye-bye . Welcome to come next time !
The summers are hotter . The last three summers have been the hottest for the past 200 years . There have also been stronger winds .
I ' d like to , but I can ' t .
Is she American ?
Can I get the black ball in ?
We have a beautiful natural park .
Sounds pretty good . How much do you charge ?
No , I will stay another day . my boss will get over it . Would you like to meet me for lunch tomorrow ?
Ok . Anything else ?
It ' s not really an occasion , it ' s more like I ' m sorry .
This is Ryan you are speaking with . What can I do for you ?
Could you please stop flipping the channels ?
Would you stay for another cup of coffee ?
Fortunately , there is a widely-spoken commercial language , namely English .
You really should stop smoking , you know .
Could I make a reservation for Flight 10 to Tokyo ?
Yes , sir . May I have your room number ?
Yes . She believes everything about him .
I don't mind really . Perhaps a job in a shop or a factory .
What else do you have to prove your English ability ?
You actually need to catch two buses .
Yes , that's the place to go to get healthier food .
Could be better .
Can I order something from the kitchen ?
I would like to check out .
That's impossible . I remember the number clearly . Isn't this 763-4565 ?
To which gate do I need to go to catch connecting flight 101 to New York City ?
So long . Have a nice weekend .
Yes , I do show your reservation . How could you like to pay for the room ?
That's true . I got the news yesterday .
Sorry , may I have your name ?
Oh , you went to the wedding ?
Please fill out the form first .
Couldn't you extend the delivery period by two weeks ? That would make things much easier for us .
True ? The food is terrible .
That shouldn't be a problem , as long as we can make ends meet .
Do you know where the local office for this area is ?
One isn ' t necessarily better than the other . It depends a lot on the school administration and the teachers .
well , my suggestion for a newbie like you is that don't get lost in the cyberspace . You know internet won't do the filtration for you , so you still need to use your judgement . There are a lot of per
it's fantastic . My family and I are very fond of the place .
I heard that too . She must be making a pocket . Well , good for her .
OK . Have you ever been on a double decker bus ?
You are going to be such an adorable father ! Tell me about this school .
I've actually never tried . Do you have a surfboard ?
OK , take care ! Hey , nice running into you !
Who was the conductor at that event ?
Atlanta Daily .
Please do that . I can't wait to come back again . The performance must be really amazing .
A hundred and eighty yuan for one way . We have a counter at the airport where our representative will lead you to the car .
OK , so that will bring her tip to $ 7 . 20 . Add it to the $ 36 . 00 and the total is $ 43 . 20 .
I'll check it for you ... sorry to keep you waiting . I've found it . Is this yours ?
All right . Here is the money .
I read about how scientists are using material from plants and animals to create new medicines . For example , an animal be immune to disease that affects human . So , scientists find out why it ' s immune
What are you supposed to drink ?
Your secretary seems to think she is being harassed .
Which do you like best ?
If you insist , I can show you the brown sets . I'll have to warn you that they're very ordinary , though .
Sure , follow me .
May doesn't get along very well with her mother-in-law .
Hey Eve , how are you ?
Very good . You can pick up your order in one week .
Maybe we can try ' Yuanyang pot ' this time . You can choose the non-spicy soup base .
There are several tiny countries in the world too . Countries like Monaco are smaller than many cities .
Hi , nice to hear from you , when does your plane leave ?
It is a great pleasure for me to have this opportunity for interview .
I'd like to book a room , please .
Drive me to Kennedy Airport , please ?
Ok , that would be great .
Yes , we are thinking of placing an order . However we would like to know what kinds of machines are available for export and in addition your sales terms , including mode of payment , discount and possible date of delivery .
Huh , that is no reason to demand a birth certificate . We only need to establish residency , you know , a phone bill with your name and address on it would have been fine .
that sounds really interesting . Can you speak Swahili ?
What do you think of the teacher ?
I think a regular visitor's visa should suffice . With this visa , you can stay in the United States for up to 90 days .
Seven-and-a-half .
Kata ! You've got a beautiful singing voice . You hit the high notes perfectly .
How many and what kind ?
No doubt . Look , I'm just browsing . If I need your help , I'll let you know .
No , there isn't at the moment .
Here you are . I'd like a window seat .
No , you can give a call when you have done checking .
Small size .
We appreciate your business .
Excuse me . My bag was stolen . Will you help me ?
We're meeting with their finance director today and then with the other directors tomorrow , just to sort out some final details .
Wow ! Is it a good car ?
We cannot judge a man totally by that .
What kind of benefit package do you offer ?
I beg you pardon ? Miss who ?
I got married not long ago and we are expecting our first child . I'd like to buy a car for the family .
Where are you living now ?
Yes , of course . Have you got the tickets ?
What did you do last weekend ?
We charge ten cents a copy .
Plaza Hotel , good morning . Leo speaking .
Hey , Frank . I heard you got a new job .
My major is Business Administration .
Hello , miss . Can you bring me something to drink ?
The completion date will be July 1st 2007 .
I need somebody to come over and fix my internet .
Hmm . Not bad . I think I look younger with shorter hair .
Thanks , I like it too . I bought it at the nearby department store .
No problem . Do you have any cash on you ? I don ' t think I have enough .
She's another applicant , and a leading contender , but I didn ' t want to hire her . She ' s qualified , but she doesn ' t quite fit the profile . We ' re looking for an accountant , and part of the job requires interacting with clients . Well , our clients want conservative people to handle their money . And green hair with ripped jeans doesn ' t exactly fill them with trust .
Honey , don't tell me that you want a pet dog also .
It usually takes about half an hour .
Well , cats are certainly more independent .
Thank you . See , I ' m planning to buy a car here and I ' m planning to use my time deposit here as the collateral .
I have an interest in marketing and I would consider graduate study in business in the future . I think my goals will become more clear as I gain experience in sales and marketing .
In the spring .
Is Bob home ?
Yes , the weather sure is nice today .
Now what am I supposed to do ?
Certainly . Would you like your coffee with your dinner or later ?
Everything is going great .
Well , I mean . We always do the same thing . There ' s no variety in our lives .
I wish I were , but i am deadly serious . She said you invited her to dinner last week .
We have mild wines and strong liquors . Which kind do you prefer ?
Welcome to IBA . Do you need any assistance ?
I would like to get that .
I got my father ' s goat last night .
No , I thought that would be included in the rent .
Can you get a pair for me please ?
I want a space on campus .
I have lots of friends .
I'm scheduled to fly out on the tenth .
No , I haven't had a chance to take the exam as I have just arrived here .
Good afternoon Sir , may I please see your passport and reservation ?
Then he become angry with you ?
I can speak German quite well , but I can't speak French very well .
Would you like me to leave the samples with you ?
I can't wait !
Is there a big generation gap between parents and their children in you country ?
I'd like to send a fax to Shanghai .
Definitely . I want to get my mortgage paid off as soon as I can .
No , it isn't mine . I blundered upon it under the sofa . Do youknow whose watch it is ?
Just a little steak , uh ... snack ? A bowl of clam chowder ?
I graduated from Beijing University . I majored in business administration .
The good thing is you don't need to go to school .
You ' re welcome . What ' s the problem ?
Good morning ! Marquette General Hospital . Tia speaking . May I help you ?
Yes , but you have to calculate a little . You paid fifty dollars and you fell down fifty times . So you only spent one dollar per fall . That's cheap .
That's wonderful . Thank you .
All right . Thanks .
Thanks , Tim . Nice meeting you , too .
Are the plumbing all right ?
Have a biscuit instead . Eat more and smoke less !
Thank you very much . By the way , how many books am I allowed to check out ?
I've got several good reasons . I've been here several years , my work has proven to be good , and I've noticed that people in comparable jobs get paid more than I do .
Use the stairs , never the elevator .
Good evening , Mary .
You look so young .
What makes is so great ?
Ugh . Another advertisement . They ' Ve added two hours of advertisements to a two hours movie .
Which leg do you want to have , right leg or left one ?
What's your permanent address ?
Cool ! I ' Ve always wanted to do something like that ! Have you learned anything useful ?
What a beautiful view .
Julie , do you know who that woman is over there by the window ?
I can ' t stay here anymore .
It sounds good . I'll try it .
I think you should make a thorough market investigation now .
Yes , but don't worry . We'll make it .
That ' s good . I ' d like to see it .
I am going to the airport , and I have to catch the 930 flight to New York .
As I said , I'd go round the world .
Really ? Thank you .
I took a part-time job last semester in translating and doing reception work for an exhibition . My work included hosting the visiting foreign exhibitors , communicating with them , arranging their agenda , and translating several materials . I think this activity well demonstrated my ability in English . And I will be glad to take any form of English test you arrange for me to prove my ability .
Ladies , Hotel policy requires one nine of room charge as deposit .
It's basically a very strong espresso . Half the water pulled through the same amount of beans . Pure coffee essence .
Yeah , my boyfriend plays the video game every time in class with me . Or I chat with my friends through text messages .
I would like to buy two bottles of brandy .
Yes , I can . I have three years experience in operating computers .
Thank you . How much is the fare to that stop ?
Daniel , I can't catch up with the English teacher very well .
Mr . Simpson , if you are free , how about a lunch ?
Actually , I don't think so . Supervisors are really important to make sure everything goes smoothly in the workplace . They are necessary for divvying up work and disciplining employees . If there is no one to keep an eye on us , no one would get any work done . You know what they say , when the cat's away , the mice play .
I help out at the children ' s hospital . I help plan activities .
Thanks for your forgiving .
How much can I change 100 dollars for ?
No , Thanks . Not today .
Wow ! Bali Islands have some of the best beaches in the world , don't they ?
I see . What about the dress over there ? I would like to try it on .
You mean getting into university actually depends on your passing your A level subjects ?
How come you think of him that way ?
It's a very popular game in America .
Okay , well it ' s always more difficult to describe them isn ' t it ?
Now we really need some part-time workers . You see , our full-time staff knocks off at five pm , but now we hope to extend the hours to eight pm . We need some part-time shop assistants to work 3 hours a day from five pm to eight pm . But I am not sure if you are qualified for the job . Since most of our customers are foreign , competence of good communication in English is necessary here .
Shipping the goods is to be made in three equal monthly installments .
I ' ll just do it myself .
So we must get you to the hotel as soon as possible . I hope to see you refreshed and revitalized tomorrow morning , as we are going to visit the Great Wall .
OK , let's go and ask .
Do I have to pay extra ?
The wei-ya is the one time a year you can make fun of the boss .
Hey Joe , what are you doing in this department store ?
Uh , actually , I've gone twice this week .
Are you okay , man ? You don ' t look very well .
Yes , and the rent includes utilities .
Yeah , she has a lot of homework .
I think I'll get some new goggles .
you are dressed to kill . You look gorgeous , Alexander .
How many rooms are there ?
Can't you see the notes here ?
But that still sounds expensive .
She thinks it has about twenty-five or thirty thousand miles .
Really ? You must be ...
Please accept my deep apology .
How did you get around over there ? Did you rent cars ?
Yes , my first marriage was a failure .
The southbound A trains say Brooklyn .
Are you all right ?
Hi Joe .
I see ! Do you want to ask her out ?
Have the aerobic classes any effect on you ?
They are very large , discount department stores . That means their prices are very good . And you can find everything you need for the kitchen or bathroom .
What are you planning on cooking ?
Jennifer Davies ? Give me a break ! I can't stand her . She's such a dweeb ! How could she possibly ace it when she keeps cutting class all the time ?
Keep it . I'm buying tonight .
Lily , if you're acting sick just because you want to play hooky ...
No , I'm not .
That will be ninety-five cents in all .
Will that be cash or check ?
There's no need , I have keyless entry , and the steering wheel recognizes my finger prints before starting the car . Now , we can look at the navigation system to find the best route home .
Don't you see many people over there ? Just on your left .
The more the world becomes open , the more people become international !
Well , I like collecting matchbox ! I'm not sure if that counts , though .
We have some nice pants . You can also get him a belt with it .
This is my uncle , Charles .
Oh , there ' s a charge ? Why ?
I agree . People often criticize tv for showing too much sex and violence .
Thanks , Mary . You ' re a real pal . I'll call now to set up an interview .
No , I like the fish .
It's only $ 24 a month .
Daniel , you know ? Lisa has invited us to have dinner this afternoon .
Never mind , come right in . I've almost finished . You always keep the room neat and tidy , I must say . It saves me a lot of work , but you should let me do it .
These things are your responsibility , and you need to fix them immediately .
Yes . I have friends even though I am a man of few words . Just like the old saying goes , " Actions speak louder than words " . I am a hard-working silent person .
I like watching comedies , like ' Boat ' . Do you like watching comedies too ?
When did you come back ? Did you have a good time ?
Should I bring you some water ?
Well , it's a fruit with a big nut in it .
That's possible , Bill . But the price would have to have been a lot lower , like around fifty cents per unit .
Let's eat out .
It's very inexpensive , and it has all the appliances .
Room 1019 , tomorrow at seven thirty . Ok , we will give you a call in the morning .
That's more or less the idea , but try something that sounds more friendly .
I understand . What should I tell Mr . Morley ?
It ' s my treat this time .
do students have to wear uniforms in schools in America ?
You could get there this way , but it'd be faster to go along the Wort Street .
That ' s a good idea ! The kitchen will look amazing !
Won't he be surprised !
I shave every workday , but I only shave at weekends if I ' m going out somewhere . If I ' m staying at home , I don ' t shave .
it was horrible ! It was just one thing after another .
No , I haven't . What about you ?
Come on , Mary , you're a total catch . I bet he will call you . Don't worry .
Uh , nothing much , just went to bed early . I was still tired from Saturday .
Would you like to come to our party ?
Buy a decent suit .
Ok , ok . I'll ask my sister to come . That way we'll have fourteen for dinner .
that's a good idea . I'll call them now . Thanks for your help !
Great , I just hope I qualify ! Could you tell me some more ? Can I use the money to buy the car from anywhere ?
Yes , I'd like to insure it for 20 dollars . How much shall I pay altogether ?
The company deals in selling electronics .
Yes , I'll be happy to cash these for you . Would you please countersign them here ?
I remember I saw when I was dining in the Aidan Restaurant . When I paid the bill , I saw it in my handbag .
And how many accounts would I handle ?
Calm down ! My little guy ! You'll get used to that after you come here several times .
The news said they should be fine .
Hello , Anna speaking !
You can take me to the bank if you want to .
We were talking about Wednesday evenings at the library , from seven to eight .
Would you like a cup of coffee ?
Good . Let's go now .
What is the matter ?
I really want to go to the movies this weekend .
I heard it is only about one hundred twenty dollars a month for 8 lessons .
May I help you find something , sir ?
How are your cases coming along ?
Yeah , a dancing queen . Wanna go and join them ?
These books over here are about ancient history . They might be helpful .
Great . Good work .
Good morning . I'd like to check out right now .
Because it is dangerous to get out of the car or bus . You can just imagine how fierce the wild animals can be .
No . They had just begun to search when the dogs next door began to bark . Theran off then leaving me bound and gagged . It was some time before my wifereturned and released me . I phoned the police at o
To be honest , I didn't really like Shaun of the Dead . Besides , I like movies with a happy ending best .
See you later .
Three dollars and forty cents .
Of course , it's my pleasure . We'll quote you the lowest price prevailing .
Yes , our over-the-counter medicine is over there on that shelf .
Good morning , sir ! Please know some about our latest products .
I expect to work hard , madam .
It seems all right . Do you have pantaloons ?
What color do you like ?
Sure , we have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the sweater . Look at this section .
You would fit both of them in your bedroom . Perhaps you could also get the dressing table . I think that one would look good in your bedroom .
No , that's too risky .
In my opinion , orange is very nice .
I'm afraid I can't do that . It's Dad's seat , according to the book about table manners .
Yes , that's right .
Certainly , ma ' am . Just take these stairs down to the first floor and turn left . You can ' t miss it .
To tell you the truth , I'm really nervous . I had a dream last night that I was being interviewed by a three-headed monster that kept trying to bite my head off . Oh , wow , my palms are sweaty just thinking about it . I just hope Ms . Mendoza won't be able to hear my teeth chattering . I just hope I get through this in one piece .
Pardon me , Miss . But didn't you order chicken soup ?
Here are the suits . Which one would you like ?
Peaches make me break out , but I don ' t have any other allergies .
Oh , no . I think it's better to be a natural chinese , with natural chinese hair . Have you got good brand of hair dye ?
I've seen her on TV but not in the flesh .
Go straight ahead through the intersection .
Yes , it ' s exciting . This month we are doing crossword puzzles .
All right . Please be quick about it .
But you have already worked there for five years .
Great . I have long been looking forward to there .
Let the universe find us instead of forcing love . We prefer natural love . The most important thing is to be happy . Love will find us later . That is what we say .
Would you like to come out with me tonight ?
Please put your baggage on the scale .
I'll have to check . Can I help you with anything else ?
There are twenty rolls in a bowl . You can get another bowl for free if there aren't enough rolls .
How could you ? I reminded you just this morning .
Glasses ?
Can you offer the Five Insurances for me ?
The movie type is drama .
why does that cop car behind me have its red lights on ?
you could say so . I'll work hard in that company and try to understand as much as possible about how to run an enterprise .
Hello , Miao Ping , I'm here to chat with you about Corporate Agreement Savings . What can you tell me ?
Sure ...
That ' s human nature .
What was she wearing ?
Yes . Can I ?
what else is wrong with it ?
All right . Have you got an idea about what type to buy ?
Here , Ma ' am please get on the stretcher .
Here is 2,300 yuan .
Do you like this place ?
Certainly . But if there are going to be four of us , I had better make reservations .
5 , and please put us as close as possible to the stage .
What part of the country do you come from ?
Who's that man over there talking to James ?
Do you need a spot here or off campus ?
Where shall we go next ?
Hi Tom ! I'm fine , and you ?
It ' s either $ 850 or nothing at all .
Yes , I Went there once last summer .
I ' m a doctor .
Are they liqueur chocolates ?
After I have 3-4 years of work experience .
Awesome ! I'm in heaven . Let me help . They're so easy .
It sounds great . How much is the rent ?
You must feel really worried right now . But you know your dad is a fighter .
Which flight ?
Yes , cats are always gentle . and they don't need a lot of space since they're small .
It's 10 yuan . How much money do you want to deposit ?
You don ' t love me , Roy .
I'd like it to be charged to my credit card .
Do you want to go shopping with me ?
Oh really ? When is it going to start ?
You can ' t mail it in early because you don ' t know , in advance , how much you will be working .
Those in traditional fields , such as agriculture and heavy industry . Younger people are not interested in doing those jobs and other countries have industries that can produce things much cheaper .
Hello , Marsha . I'm great and you ?
then make sure that you book me a room , too .
Sounds real good . It's a pity that I missed that .
Anything for you .
Come on , sit down , and let me have a look .
yes , he ' s very good .. isn ' t he ? He told some funny stories too .
Yes . It seems she can never accept a childless marriage . We had a fight last night .
No . He likes to leave his things about and never cleans the room .
Can't you see a notice on the bench ?
Alright . So tell me , how would you describe yourself ?
Oh , she enjoys spending money on fancy parties . Mona loves to wear sexy dresses , and she has quite a bit of jewelry .
Well , to be honest , I mostly use Sarah Winter products now . But I'm not happy with them . So I would like to change companies .
Are you kidding me ? I bought a same one last week . It's surprising that there is something we both like . Well , what do you think of these ceramic cups ?
What does he look like ? Can people tell ?
I would like to open a checking account at this branch .
That's exactly how I feel now .
Good . How about this picture of cranes with pine trees ? It was painted by a famous Chinese painter in King Dynasty .
You won't catch me , because I love you . I'm not a cheater .
Thanks . So how are things with you ?
Please drop it at the front desk when you leave tie hotel .
All right , please take this message and call this client .
I don ' t actually know him .
Sure . You've given a great help to me in the past days .
No , I am afraid the apartment isn ' t permitted .
That's great . Let's go !
Yes , I showed that income on the Continued Claim Form .
Are you there , Mary ?
So romantic . young people must have lot of fun .
Umm ... no ... I make these in my workshop in the North Pole !
Yes , of course . What's the amount you'd like to change ?
No , but I got a pay rise of 5 % and a bonus for all the hard work I ' Ve put in recently . I think it was very nice for my boss to show his appreciation in that way .
Something real Australian .
That's nice . They provided us with convenient choice .
I don ' t know . I think I did well in the paper exams . I was prepared to answer a lot of questions , but they didn ' t ask those as I expected . To my surprise , the manager tried to talk about the Chinese poesy with me .
Basically , I ' Ve got a few concerns about him , and the bottom line is , I don ' t think he ' s a good fit for our company .
What do you think of the new television channel ? Aren't the programs awful ?
Well , there are certain factors that effect people's size and weight .
What does your father do ?
What else will they ask me ?
You got it .
Alright , Mom . Should I turn off the TV right now ?
One thousand yuan .
I have to see the dentist . We have an appointment for this morning from 9 to 11 o ' clock . So if there is any phone call , please pick up for me . If there is something urgent , tell them I will be back in two hours .
You just missed one .
So a deadline will cause that same reaction ?
Yes , we won't travel again until October .
I see what you mean , but I ' m still bummed out .
I think I will try to get the scholarship since I really don't have so much money to study abroad . Actually now I am preparing for the TEFL and GRE exams . If I can get high marks in the two exams and if I am lucky enough , I may get a scholarship .
Well I have to decide which gifts to keep and which to exchange for better ones when I go to the Boxing Day sales this afternoon !
Tell me what it says !
What , curly ?
I think Americans are pretty romantic when they are in a relationship and a lot of flirting goes on in every office . After you ' Ve been in America for a while , you will probably see what I mean .
I'll have a diet coke , please .
I don ' t need two different accounts anymore .
So I've heard . That's why I'm having such a great time .
Wow , that's great !
I'm not an expert , but that's the impression I have .
There , how ' s that ?
Just bring along whatever it is that you and Jake would like to drink .
Can you speak French ?
Yeah , let's do that .
Oh , what a pity !
Hey , Tom . I saw this ad in the paper . You should take a look .
Shogun Restaurant of Pasadena .
Thank you very much . Bye-bye .
Yes , it is . Thank you very much . Let me help you to carry your baggage there .
You mean Mark ? He seems like such an honest guy .
Impossible ! Well , I'm not giving up yet . It's not over till the fat lady sings !
How long have we had the A3 printer in the sales department ?
Thank you , I'll be right back . Do you need any to go boxes ? I'd be glad to bring you some when I come back .
Yes , it is . What can I do for you ?
Have you any particular color in mind ?
Do you have any ketchup ?
Hello miss . Can I see your ticket number ?
Mr . Thomas is quite busy , I ' m afraid he won ' t be able to see you today .
Lend you a few bucks ? No way ! Still remember the money you borrowed me last time ?
No I am free , I will be there , what time the thing starting ?
Passed .
Can you eat the nut ?
Not bad . Let's find a table and sit down . We have a lot to talk about .
The interesting thing is that many of the teachers are not actually trained teachers . They are usually professionals who are taking a break from their jobs to pass on skills to others .
Actually , I'm calling to complain about your service . The computer I bought last week is faulty .
I can only hope that one day they will change .
Do you shop online often ?
Okay . The model number is 6594 - c .
275 dollars is the lowest price I can offer .
Thank you so much !
That's great ! It's not my day . I just have very bad sense of direction .
Well , that's not for me .
Your two hands hold the pole , stand on the board , the other foot steps back against the ground and controls well the balance of the body , then you can ride in the air . It has a feeling of surfing . You need not let other people teach you . Your fear will disappear quickly .
Do I have to buy extra ticket if I want to visit the main spots ?
That won ' t be a problem ?
I think so . I can't find it anywhere in my hotel room and I remember the last place I used it yesterday was in this department store .
My employer cut back on my hours .
He certainly is . He is the Peckham in our collage .
That's cool . Hey , so have you decided on your major yet ?
I started playing starcraft and ended up wasting a lot of time .
Well , you might pinch your eyelid ! Or lose an eyeball !
Wei , you look really tired .
I know . I don't want to get sick , especially during finals week .
May I help you ? Miss !
Don't get all worked up over him . He's probably harmless .
What am I supposed to do with the cup when I am done ?
Gross ! What are you doing to yourself ?
And everyone knows that Americans ' favorite food is the hamburger , isn't it ?
To go , please . ( The attendant hands the customer his order . )
The boss had an informal discussion with me this morning , I feel really down .
The cover came off .
Wonderful ! I think that's a great idea How soon until we can make this happen ? I can't wait !
I get a lump in my throat whenever I see a tragic movie .
Why are you so early today ?
I'm in 507 , and I have a big problem .
wow ! You're going to Tibet ?
How often do you use the internet ?
Well , the file is wrong . I was at a great concert that night .
Are you under a lot of stress ?
Well , I think I'm ready for new challenges .
Well , three people are celebrating their birthdays this month and the policy here is for everyone to contribute ten dollars to a card and cake for each person .
We also need some sunscreen . What about beach towels ?
I see . Well , can I have a look at your phone ? Unfortunately , this phone can ' t be used in the US . it ' s not compatible with our 3G network .
All right . And here's my bankbook . Is that all ?
You will not mess up your job benefits by taking work . You can always come back and notify EDD that you are once again in need of assistance .
I've got a terrible pain in my stomach , Doctor .
You'd better take an umbrella .
Sure does . Hey , can I sponge a little cash of you ?
Yes , I do it a lot . but I don't like doing dishes . what about you , do you like cooking and then cleaning up afterwards ?
Can you give me a hand , Tom ?
The vegetarian dishes are at the last pages of the menu .
I think you'd better try an active job .
Yes , maybe I should .
Then , would you recommend any other nearby hotel ?
What's up ?
And here is your birthday present .
Which kind of salad are you going to make ?
Then would you kindly come to our shop with the receipt by 10 o'clock , we'll replace it .
We cannot reach a final decision until we have talked to all of the other five applicants . Anyhow , we'll contact you within this month . All right . Nice meeting you . Good-bye .
I am tired of everything in my life .
Yes . I went to Hawaii on a vacation with my husband .
Ok . Would you like a drink too ?
About 7 o'clock .
I ' m finished . Here you go .
I'm sorry , but you were the only one who had access to it .
What kind of music do you like listening to ?
Can you get me a beach umbrella and a deck chair ? I am really tired of lying in thousand .
Maybe by then it will be too late .
That ' s good .
Sorry . I'm just that I think I blew the final and now my parents are going to get all bent out of shape . I like totally drew a blank on everything !
She's not a house-cat . She stays outside most of the time .
Let me see . Yes , we still have four left .
What did you cook ?
We must find some time to read report .
That is the special word for the ritual of the bread and wine . The Catholics call it the Eucharist .
No problem at all . Welcome .
Perhaps you would like some sole . Many guests like it very much .
Isn't it a nice day ?
Quite a difference , huh ?
Tell me something about yourself and your past .
oh , I don ' t . they don ' t seem to take anything seriously . You never know when they are joking and when they are being serious .
Yes . You are free to do temporary business with this visa . If you were planning on setting up a new business in the U . S . you might need to apply for a long-term visa .
Quite a few times , I had my back to the wall .
I need to see if I qualify for a home loan .
Cindy , I'm scared .
Does it ever ! Well , let ' s get started . If you could begin typing this letter now , I ' ll see what else needs to be done .
We will give you a detailed instruction manual if you buy the table .
Well , I ' Ve bought a lot of meat . I ' Ve got pork chops , small steaks , chicken wings and plenty of hot dog sausages and hamburger patties .
No kidding . Not only can ' t I stand the pain , but man ... dentists are expensive . The bill is going to be humungous !
OK . Let me send a memo around .
OK . Do you think I can play football tomorrow ?
$ 60 a night . No charge for local calls on the phone or for the TV , unless you decide to watch the pay-per-view channels .
By the end of this month , at the latest .
First , I slept through my alarm and ended up two hours late to work .
We would like to amend it , please .
I ordered a ham sandwich , but they gave me a bologna sandwich instead .
The weatherman predicts a fine day today .
I applied for the job online .
Why so late ? Didn ' t she want to get married this October ?
It's a blue Nissan minivan .
You may not remember me . My name is Joe Brown .
No , have a nice day !
Yes , he does . He is a science fiction writer .
Ok . When is your train supposed to leave ?
How much do you think it would cost ?
I'll pick you up by nine o'clock and take you straight to the airport .
If all the people spit out the gum like you , the whole world would become a big trash can .
30 . 00 dollars a week .
My wallet , with $ 200 in it , my wrist watch . some of my wife's jewellery from our bedroom , and a silver photoframe .
I'm afraid so except we have many no-show passengers .
That's normal for anyone with a newborn .
That might be a good idea , yes .
You needn't ask anyone . You can get on line to search for one .
When I finish , what should I do then ?
You won't be late . It ' s still early .
Thank you . I begin to like English even when I was a child .
OK . Monday is the big day for job ads .
I think that few of the show biz stars want any publicity for themselves . They only want it for their films .
Ok , sure . When did you have in mind ?
It washes the solvent off all the metal parts - the blades , trays etc . - and then sends it back into the system .
I ' m having a problem .
Don ' t worry . I ' m getting more sleep these days . The baby ' s finally growing up a little more .
Did you want to do something tomorrow ?
You only need to tell me that once .
I think there's someone at the door . Excuse me while I go and get that .
is this your first date ?
That would definitely be getting a divorce .
Have they set a date for the wedding ?
That Japanese restaurant , Shogun , got good reviews .
How do you celebrate Thanksgiving in the US ?
This facility is great , don't you think ?
What kind of drink do you want with those ?
Any particular brand ?
Or getting stuck in traffic jams when you ' re driving .
Me , too . There are so many cheap but nice things .
I'd like a pillow as Well .
That ' s very important . A friend recommended a good law firm to me . We ' ll need someone to hire staff .
I'm older than you ! I'll be ten on April 14th .
Hi , Doris , this is Mike calling from Parker's Dentistry . I'm calling to confirm your appointment for tomorrow morning at 9 am with Dr . Parker .
Did you eat any cake ?
I decided to go for this kind of life .
You are my best friend . That's what I should do . Please don ' t be a stranger .
I'd rather be cold than hot .
Here we are , Miss .
Yeah , sir . Your shirt will be ready by Thursday morning . Anything else ?
What does your work consist of exactly ?
sure . What's this one a picture of ?
I'm just browsing , thanks .
That's so kind of you . Thank you very much !
I will tell you tomorrow . See you tomorrow , Mary .
No . It versa according to the distance , you can read from the meter .
So , is there anything wrong with my strokes ?
Pretty good . How's your business going , Kevin ?
yes , it's my girlfriend's birthday today and she loves chocolate .
Foxtrot . Oh . you're a good dancer .
do you have a minute ?
Sure . Your room number , PLS ?
Oh , dear , go get another pair . I'll help you change your shorts .
I'm sorry . I think we're out of this skirt in this color . Do you want me to call another one of our store to see if it's available there ?
Excuse me . But are you Mrs . Smith from America ?
I have some friends who might be able to help you find a job . I'll see what they can do .
Does it hurt ?
Let me give you a hand . You are carrying so many books .
Hello , this is IBA Bank . Maria speaking , how may I help ?
I apologize . What day was this purchase made ?
We aren't sure yet . Maybe L . A . I think L . A . would be the best idea .
Yes . Nice to meet you , Mrs Smith .
Hello . My name ' s Linda Brown . What can I do for you today ?
It looks to be a nice day today .
I think that she had a litter too much of the punch .
Yeah , I noticed . She must be really loaded .
And do you like English food ?
It includes your air fare , your hotel accommodations and the meals .
Great ! It's always better to do things with a friend .
Oh Andrea , the Spanish girl ?
You're making me a believer .
OK . I'll take T / T .
I don't care for coke . I heard that coke was first used as a medicine and I don't like medicine . What else has caffeine ?
Shall I come to your office this afternoon ?
Well , as you know , I have recently become the sole distributor for Grangers Gourmet Bon-bons here in the United States . They ' re a new manufacturer and are looking to break into the luxury market . Naturally , your restaurant sprang into my mind immediately . I think your brand exemplifies many of the same traits as Grangers and serving these chocolates would really add to your reputation for providing elegant , luxurious , first class dining .
It is at the north of Forbidden City , on the central axis of Beijing .
Light pink .
Can you tell me what happened here ?
Well slowly but surely I proved myself , and the new editor liked me so he promoted me to features writer .
Then can I exchange it for something else with the same price ?
Do you want a taxi ?
I have absolutely no idea .
I get antsy not because you praise a guy , but because you may be taken for a ride by a guy like him .
Fine . Will you please help me with the luggage
It was always very busy there .
I don ' t have to pay any fees ?
No , I'm fine . Thanks .
Can I help you , madam ?
Good morning , sir , Can I help you ?
You can come in and renew them unless someone else has reserved them .
Excuse me , are cameras allowed here ?
Of course ! The hotel has a stable with beautiful stallions for a very romantic horseback ride along the country trail . You can also go fishing to the nearby lake or visit the local vineyard .
Excuse me . Where are you going ?
I jogged up and down the beach and played volleyball . You know I never realized how hard it is to run on sand . I couldn ' t get through a whole game before I had to sit down .
I've gotten a few .
Don't worry , Mary , I've got you covered .
Wow , Is winter always this cold in Taiwan ?
I'll be here to pick you up at 6:30 .
How are you , Sue ?
This is Room 320 . Can I have a morning call tomorrow ?
Hurry ! Get a shot ! ... Hand it over !
Why didn't you text me last night ?
Please come in
Hi , is that Mr . Wu ?
We have a class outing today .
What ? You're suddenly some kind of coffee snob now ? What's a ristretto anyway ?
Why do you think the new page is so much better than the old page ? I thought the old page wasn't half bad ...
You seem to be a man of imagination and logic .
OK . Here's the key . Take care .
Part of the motor is loose . I can put it back in place quite easily .
Hello , Lily .
Oh , Johnny , that stuff was dollar store junk . No , I want to thank you for keeping Grandma busy .
Is that how you feel on the bus ?
I'll tell you what . You can get a motorcycle on one condition .
That ' s right . Make sure you give the accounts department all your bank account details as soon as possible .
Thanks , Mr . McQuillin . I'll give you a call a week in advance to confirm the arrangements .
Isn't that great ? That is coconut ginger chicken with rice .
I ordered my dish about a half an hour ago , but it hasn't arrived yet .
A classmate of mine .
I am indeed . What can you tell me ?
I can understand that . Let me see if I can clarify some things for you .
Is that expensive ?
Alright . We can go check at Sears and see if they have them . And what about Dad ?
It's rather cold , isn't it ?
you're right . I probably should just work on my paper . Thanks !
Yes . Could you guide me to where I can change money ?
No , have they have another fight ?
Have you gotten any special training in programming ?
No . Just let me see a doctor . I'm worried about my arm .
I ' m sorry , but you can ' t take the items until you can buy them .
I worked in a foreign representative office for one year . However , I leave there two years ago because the work they gave me was rather dull . I found another job that was more interesting .
May I have your name and contact number , Sir ?
Then when did you go to sleep ?
i am offering you my services . for your church . what do you say ?
Till next Monday when we check out .
We got lost coming back . I guess I don't really know this town yet .
OK , let's meet at the movie theater entrance tonight . Don ' t be late .
That's what my father tells me almost everyday .
You have a job ?
Is this all right ?
sure . What movies were you thinking about going to ?
I'm very busy these days . It seems I can never finish my work .
Hello , there . Welcome , and what can we assist you with ?
He's a bit tired . You know , he goes to school at eight o'clock every morning . He doesn't get home till after four . then he does his homework after tea . It often takes him a couple of hours to finish
The guys I've talked to say that the activities that go on in a frat house can be a little distracting depending on the group .
What reason are you washing here today ?
I really need to learn this stuff .
Sure . That ' s not a problem . Do you have the list of courses you want to taketh semester ?
I can try , but knowing Margaret she will see through that immediately .
So soon . It seems as if you just got here .
I think America really deserves the name of " fast food nation - as people can find McDonald ' s , KFC and Pizza Hut almost all over the States .
Last week , we had a performance review on all the staff in our department in last quarter . Stevens , can you provide more information about the performance review ?
No , it's already included in your room fare .
I ' m sure we will .
Interesting idea . You might be on to something .
Can I see it for a second ?
Ridiculous ! They haven't met ! Maybe they're the same sex !
You bet there is . Feast your eyes on this puppy !
This one looks great ! I love the seashore .
Solomon , I thought we had agreed to change this deadline .
Your flight takes off at 8
Ah ... How long have you been like this ?
You got it ! We'll fly there directly from Texas .
Hello ! Let me introduce myself . My name is Nancy .
Does bullfight interest you much ?
OK , Bond .
It doesn't sound like an English word .
I don't want to do that to you , Karen .
I'm sorry . But at least we know which bus to catch to get back where we started .
I feel that way , too . But all good things must come to an end , as they say .
I was thinking of pizza or something else Italian , maybe .
The style is all right , but I'm not sure about the color . Let me think for a while .
Could you send up a Coke and a salad ?
I see . Are there any building more than 200 years old in your city ?
Yes . They used to be joined at the hip .
Much better , thanks . I have been resting all day . Only with television as my companion . In fact , in the whole week the only thing I feel like doing was watching TV .
I'll take it too .
Well , you asked for it . Why don't you put on an Elvis ' song for him .
I'm told Cold Blood just finished its last cut .
Here you are , sir . Bourbon with iced water .
If that's the case , there's nothing to be done about it .
So let's eat out .
No kidding ! I'm 16 , too . We should definitely play together some time . My name's Bob .
Yeah , that would be fine . What time ?
Sarah is your uncle Bill's older daughter . When she was young , Bill's first wife , Sarah's mom died . Three years later Bill married again .
After the owners get home from work tonight , I will approach them with your offer .
When we finally decided to ask someone , they told us we were in Grangerfield .
Turn right at the third intersection , you'll see the street and then walk along the street to the south .
Many people say it's a good story . But I think it's boring !
yeah ... it seems what we have on TV now are either repeats , or commercials , or low-quality shows . There's really nothing to watch .
How can I lose weight , doctor ? I seem to get fatter even when I just look at food ?
Really ? We would like to start you off at 2,000 yuan a month , excluding bonus and overtime pay .
I am going to the Central Park . Which train should I take ?
We hope that partial shipment is allowed .
Are you going swimming again this afternoon ?
Look out . Catch the ball . You should dunk besides the three-point line .
Morning , Lee . How are you ?
Oh ! My mouth is on fire !
Wait a minute , please ... Here's the cash .
Yes , I'm leaving on the 14th of next month .
Yes , it's great for cleaning up spills .
You are in luck . The traffic is not heavy today .
Hello , Hanson . Today I come to say goodbye to you , for I'm going back to London tomorrow .
He nursed a viper in his bosom . His best friend Tony foamed him in . Tony first seduced his wife and then trapped him .
sure , we'd be carry to lose a good worker like you .
Oh , thank you so much .
Yes . I would like to cash my travelers ' check . Here you are .
Thank you , same to you ! Lee , have you got any plans ?
In that case , we will have to improve one month further on the time . Now is Jan . If the fertilizers should be shipped before the end of March , only 2 months are left . The time is too limited .
Because I come hiking every week . That's why I'm in good-shape . I think that I should bring you a walkingstick next time .
No , I didn't .
No hard feelings . After all , he is a child .
Here's your receipt . Have a nice day .
Well , the hero is a Super Warrior . He has to fight the bad guys to find the treasure .
What ! For being a couple of hours late ? You have to be kidding !
No , listen to me . Perhaps it's my fault that I treat everybody so well . Maybe in other people's eyes , I want you to be my girl-friend . but ... but ...
Maybe you should communicate with him just like a friend , not a boss .
Wow !
Oh , how do you to Mr . White ? My name is Li Ming , here is my card .
Economy fare for one way trip is 2,300 yuan .
Well , Tom . It's good to meet you . I have to go now . I am teaching a class this evening , and I need to get to the college .
that ' s a great idea . I ' ll search for some information on the internet . If it ' s possible to do , the internet will have some information about it .
OK , I will do it right now .
Yeah , you ' re quite right and what ' s your hobby ?
Perhaps you left that at school .
Well , Peter . I'm sorry you're ill . What's the matter with you ?
Okay , I won't forget .
Do they have ice cream bars . frozen yogurt or frozen chocolate mousse ?
When will we begin ?
Get better .
I just want to get it over with .
I can give you quarters , if that'll help .
Yes . I've got a small room .
Some people went looting because of the blackout .
Er ... no , go ahead .
Yeah . I'm going with Jennie .
No , I didn't . That car was too fast .
You mean they're kicking you out ?
Sure , I'll just go and get it now . what would you like to eat ? Some soup ?
I absolutely agree . It ' s getting dark . We should finish our homework now .
Oh , man , look at her , go ! She is amazing ! She should be my sis .
Excuse me . Do you know where I can find a pay phone ?
No , it ' s 3725019281 , it ' s a 9 , not a 5 .
One US Dollars in cash is equivalent t0 7 . 9 Yuan .
He is responsible to the board of directors for everything that happens in the company . He or she must give leadership to all company officers , as CEO is also responsible for providing the guidance of philosophy of the company , and acting as official representative , or face of the company .
You're promising . Just follow your dream and never give up .
Oh , I'm afraid I can't . I've had a date already .
So , if I was strapped for cash , I could transfer it to get some money ?
Oh , sorry to interrupt you . But I am calling to say goodbye to you . I am awfully sorry to tell you that I am afraid I could not see you off at the airport tomorrow , because I will have to attend a very important meeting .
I think I'll go and get my food there .
OK , now go down to the basement and find the circuit box . Open it and check if there are any fuses blown out .
Wow , you are going to be busy this semester ! Okay , here you go . You are registered now , you ' ll have to make your first tuition payment before classes start .
What happens if we make a deal and thirty to sixty days after delivery the price goes down and you didn't get the best possible price ? How do I handle that ?
I can see that you are a smart buyer . Forty thousand is my best price .
This rate is one percent . That will be 10 yuan .
Yes , the same service and food as in the evening .
I can't say , but let me make a call and see if I can help .
She wears her heart on her sleeve .
That's not cheap at all .
Please excuse me , but I really have to be going .
maybe you should invite her over for dinner , so it's just the two of you .
Fine . Do you accept American Express ?
I didn't really like it .
I have never tasted that . I would like to have a try today .
let me know if you hear about any good bands playing on the weekends . I have more free time then .
May told you ? Oh , May , she's such a tattletale .
Nah ! It was cheap !
Really ? I thought his wife couldn ' t have a baby .
That's fine , but I'm not paying for it .
Welcome to our show ! Today , I am going to show you how to make the perfect mouthwatering sandwich ! Are you ready ? Let ' s get started !
Can you open this bottle for me ? The cork seems to be stuck .
I ' m not in there very often . It ' s so noisy that I can ' t work .
All right . That nearly done a little . Now I want you to look some pictures .
Can I give you a hand ?
Hmm , it's a tough choice , but I think I'll go with this one .
Very well too , is there anything I can do for you ?
Oh , I see . I'll call the manager , then .
Come this way please . We ' Ve got plenty of them and they're all on the shelf near the cashier's desk .
What does his dad say ?
Right now , we have incentives encouraging employees to come to work as often as possible . But employees with colds and the flu are coming to work and infecting their colleagues .
I find the sheet in my room is so stained . Would you please help us change it for a clean one ?
Thanks for letting me know .
It is about sports for white-collar workers , people like you and me .
I think I ' ll be paying with cash .
It took us all day .
That means they have tapered legs .
Well , how about our own hotel restaurant ? It's conveniently located and has a three-star rating .
That's not as complicated as you suppose .
I was sick .
Motivate Tony to cooperate by rewarding his good behavior . Do not emphasize punishment for bad moods , etc . Do not threaten him with punishment if he resists the actions you desire .
How do you like these dishes ?
You can always get rid of channels or add some later .
I thought Henry usually did the conferences .
Can I buy everything in the supermarket by it ? .
Would you please charge them on my bill ?
Yes , . Do you mind I have a look at your computer ?
About $ 25 , tips not included .
There's an open house this weekend .
How's this ?
well , what do you have in mind ?
Well , I guess you've learned a good lesson , huh . You have to take good care of your teeth .
When do you need them , sir ?
Your best isn't good enough . Back in my day , I'd clean a whole hospital with a toothbrush and spit , and it'd be twice as clean as this sty !
Ok . Hope it's a pleasant trip .
and what is your call regarding ?
Yes , sure . You need to put your card in the slot .
Can you help me please ?
Todd , I am so happy you called !
Hi ! Can I help you ?
Awfully sorry , sir . There are no rooms available now .
I'll make the arrangement and let you know the time tomorrow .
Yes , I do .
The wire in your phone might have gotten rusty . Could you bring your phone into our office ? We'll clean it for you .
Let me see . A roasted duck is $ 25 . A plate of pork is $ 6 . 50 . A bowl of beef is $ 7 . Two bottles of beer are $ 4 . That's a total of $ 42 . 50 .
Yes . It has one bedroom , a large living space and 4 kitchens .
I guess not .
I'll bet it's good exercise , too ... a good way to keep fit .
Yes , please . and you can cash my travelers check . Can ' t you ?
You are right . Some ring tone is just terribly loud . You can hear it even in the next door . It is really a kind of distraction .
Not everything , just this film . Even the title is ridiculous , and it ' s so long , those are the two and a half most wasted hours of my life , so much so that I ' m thinking about asking them to give me my money back .
What's your price ?
Do you know what kind of pass you want ?
Sam , you ' Ve got to forgive me .
Sure ! I can help you . Do you know where the timesheets are kept ?
I must have taken a wrong turn .
thanks , I like it too . I bought it at the nearby department store .
I see . Then let's make a shoppinglIist first before we go there . othe rise , It may take us a whole day to search for the things you need .
Mr . Black , when is the earliest shipment you can make ?
Yes , next Saturday . I hope you can make it .
That's a good idea . Do you know how to write an introductory letter ?
Then you must know Shen Due and Hao Hongbo .
Well , as this is the first deal between us , we agree to give you an one-percent discount as a special encouragement .
Steven , we are preparing a martial arts show for the New Year's party . Would you like to join us ?
Good afternoon , Chloe , I ' m Doctor Evans . What seems to be the problem ?
Hello , Xu Hua . I'm Paula . I'm American .
You must be very busy these days . I heard you are responsible for the meeting arrangements this time . It can be the most important meeting for our company this year .
Yeah ? Were they famous because of the ugliness ?
My girlfriend dumped me .
But I don't even know what to study .
Well , the internet isn't down , so there must be something wrong with your connection .
But you should have told me you were in love with her .
Thank you . But a number of things have been going wrong lately .
Oh , I learned that he is also a legendary violinist .
Hello , I ' d like to speak to Kate .
I also like going to the movies .
But it's absolutely our own business to have a child or not .
Would you fill out this form , please ?
That happens often these days . Well , please fill in this " Report of Theft " .
An average ten hours or more a day according to a survey , the worst thing is that the employees get no pay for that .
That's fantastic . I think I like this one .
You're lucky !
Hold on , I ' ll get her .
It shouldn't be a problem .
Well , he's thin and tall . He has brown hair , a holt nose , green eyes and wearing glasses .
Actually , I have a suggestion for you . We've started a new service called Entrusting Deposit Combination - Have you heard about this ?
Not at the moment , but I ' ll let you know .
Oh , you want a convertible sofa . This way , please . Over there is the one you want .
OK . Here they are .
Sorry , I have no photo in my computer . And I have no scanner . I will show you later .
That's brilliant ! We can name the grades of motor oil by where they come from .
Then what do you think about it ?
I understand you are selling the same products to some other Australian importers . This tends to complicate my business . As you know , I am experienced in the business of slippers and enjoy a good business relationship with all the leading whole - sabers and retailers in that line . I have a mind to expand this business in the years to come . One of the reasons of my visit here is to sign a sole agency agreement with you on these items for a period of 3 years . As it is to our mutual interests and profit , I am sure you'll have no objection to it .
Alright , then let's take an umbrella . Is your brother coming with us ?
I ' m a fashion designer . Next month , I have a fashion show . I ' d love it if come . I can get you a couple of tickets . So you can bring a friend if you like .
Let me check . Yes . Your 1,000 remittance , please .
Well , the first lunar month is called Yuan-month , and in ancient times people called night Miao . And you know the festival is just in the middle of the month .
That sounds really good .
What places of interest did you show them ?
What do you think now ?
Have you settled the bill ?
Yes , I understand how to do this .
Only when you dressing keep in accordance with that of other people around can you feel harmonious and relaxed .
Well , it certainly makes everything easier , both at this end and at your end .
Ok . Excuse me , what's this charge for ?
Yummy ! Yummy ! Eat more !
It was fifty dollars for a half-hour .
No , you get those . I ' ll go and get the fruits , vegetables , milk , butter , and eggs , you get the rest .
Come on ! They only do that to get even more publicity for their films and themselves .
my father wanted me to become a doctor , but I knew it would be impossible for me to be successful in that field .
First , you fill out the application form and then we'll issue you a passbook .
I spent the morning at the cemetery . I put flowers on the graves of my old war buddies .
Well , that's a miracle that no one was killed .
Yes , everything . I feel overwhelmed by the daily work . Sometimes , I just can ' t focus on what I am doing . What is worse , though I make plans for a whole week , I always have to make changes later on because other things come up . I can ' t manage my time well . I can ' t handle work well . I am afraid I was screw up more things .
Grant . How is everything ?
One study said that low-income groups have a higher percentage of over-weight people than higher income families .
Did you go to the concert last weekend ?
Do you think you could keep the noise down ?
Well , what about this Thursday evening after we finish the weekly meeting ?
Ivory , please
What kind of car do you have in mind ?
Is he messing up in school ?
I didn't really have to figure it out . I just followed the instructions !
Yes , but he retired 5 years ago .
Are you leaving ?
Perfect . So you can audition this weekend here at my house .
Yeah , it is , a little bit . I joined the Great Outdoors Club , though , which has been a lot of fun . We've gone on two camping trips already , and I've made some good friends .
I had a few coffees while I was waiting . Let's get out of here !
Two weeks
I would like to , but I injured my wrist last weekend .
Yes . Go down the main road . You can't miss it .
How lovely ! How much is she ?
You know , I often have to work till late at night . I need something to keep me awake .
Hello , Wendy speaking .
I collect one thousand dollars a month from a rental property .
Excuse me , how long is the flight to Phoenix ?
Well , our intention is to have some features about these regions in some youth magazines . We ' re also going to run some ads on TV and put some flyers in places where young people go , like the gym and student organizations . We ' re making arrangements to have some activities at big shopping malls and department stores around town .
You , of course , have two ways of responding . You can say yes or come up with another offer .
Linda , John and I are going to get married next week .
All right , Steven . Do you have a flashlight ?
Thank you . Have a nice day .
Good morning . Would you like to tell me something about the computer ? I've never seen this brand before . What is your superior brand ?
Can I have my $ 200 please ?
Don't worry about it . Practice makes perfect . I will lend you some listening materials , so that you can practise more before the exam . I believe you can pass the exam with good preparation .
That ' s true . I think zoo are a good idea , because they allow people to get close to animals . I think it ' s good for kids to see wild animals .
Really ? I am looking forward to that . What about the traffic ?
Well , do you have a menu in Chinese ?
You got it . Good job .
Well , that's my opinion .
You think it ' s better that he should be told ?
Ok , try these on in the changing rooms .
When did this happen ?
Yes , over there to your left .
I am not leaving . I just need you to take a really deep breath , hold it , and then let it out .
Well . And what about DVDs ?
I went to a boarding school from nursery school to senior high school .
Do you know where I can find the application form ?
Would you consider quoting us for the order with neutral cans on a C . I . F . basis for delivery in Hong Kong ? Our associated company there will have the labels printed to comply with the FDA regulations .
Thank you for repairing it .
May I introduce myself ?
that's right . You should establish good relationships with them . what else are you planning to do while working for that company ?
Daddy , I love this Happy Farmhouse . It's really fun .
Poor boy . They work hard at school nowadays , don't they ? Does he like it ?
How much will it be for the pass ?
Glad to meet you , Mrs . Tina .
I have eight years of experience working in the IT industry . For the past two years , I have been working as a project manager for a dotcom . I am also MI certified . I'm looking for a team environment where I can join the excitement of building a company .
Are you done ?
Some dude came into the bank with a gun .
All right . In my first teaching position I received the ' Excellent Teaching ' award the past two years in succession .
Would she be interested in a laptop ?
When can I get the final decision ?
We can do that if you like . Maybe next weekend .
if you can't give me the full amount , a fraction of it would still help . I'll pay you back on Monday . I promise .
Do you know that I'm checking out in about 30 minutes ?
I ' m going to put all the rubbish into this big plastic bag .
Non-smoking is fine , thank you .
The Palace Hotel .
Get some snack foods .
What job did he recommend to you ?
Yes . Definitely stay in the class . You will get a better grade than your test scores . He does that deliberately to make all the students study a lot .
What's your last name ?
Should each of us write separately ?
Can you effect shipment during September ?
I bought all the ingredients this morning , so let's start !
If so , I suggest you have a taste for Sichuan food . Most Sichuan dishes are spicy and hot , but they have different tastes .
It's on Fair Oaks and Orange Grove .
Have you received any degrees ?
Oh , lovely . Where's the wedding going to be ?
I ' m so sorry ! OK , so you just want a simple message on it .
Maybe you got your plate too full this semester ? You can change that next semester .
I'm like that too . I like to invite friends over sometimes , but I don't want to have lots of crazy parties at the apartment .
It's OK . It seems we have a lot in common .
That blood that just filled the tube is all that I needed . Thanks for coming in !
I myself like very much to listen to the singing of some of the insects , especially the singing of cicadas .
Well , you made a good choice . Coming to us , I mean . We have a full range of products from cosmetics to skin cleansers and moisturizers .
Well , then , may I invite you for the first dance ?
Certainly , they did . Liao Coins and Song Coins , for example , coexisted in circulation during the Southern Song and Yuan period some 800 -1000 years ago . The Liao Coins look plain and bold in style , just like the characteristics of the Mongolian tribe . Let me look for one and show you .
Lucy Green .
Well , let ' s have a look . Open wide . Hmm ... this doesn ' t look good . Well , it looks like you have a cavity and your crown is loose . We ' ll need to put in a filling before it gets any worse , and the crown probably needs to be refitted . I ' m going to order some x-rays .
You hair is definitely fresh and shiner looking .
I thought you had an unlimited SMS plan ?
What does a housing go for in south mountain district ?
In my country , they are usually studying something business-related , such as marketing , management techniques , and human resource management .
I got an A - . Sounds good , but none of my test scores were that high , so I don't know how I got a decent grade .
He has a glib tongue . Few people can argue him down .
OK , sir .
Don't worry . It's safe .
Don't worry about it . It's not new , it already has a few scratches . Did you get hurt ?
Sure . Do you want to go first , Sally ?
Peter . Peter Brown , you know . Don ' t forget to bring the letter .
I think , as the saying goes as the saying goes haste makes waste , it is the same thing with marriage .
Who do you like best of the NBA players ?
Sorry , I didn't hear you . Can you say that again please ?
It sounds good . You can do a lot of sightseeing , too .
Oh , it's out of paper . Do you have any more ?
What should I do now ?
Yes , I'm easy to please .
Yes , please . And I want some glue .
you said it . You know , the divorce rate has been on the rise in recent years .
Oh , my . What did you do ?
No . I'm sure I know her .
Why have you been learning Japanese ? Why not English ?
I don't like going to the theatre .
The World Cup ! The first match is today ! It ' s Mexico vs . South Africa ! It ' s going to be a really good match ! Both teams have a very strong offense and have skilled players . I think that South Africa will probably dominate the first half since they are the host country , and all .
The hard drive has 260 G and the RAM is 4 G .
Thanks for helping out . Now Im ready , what are you doing tonight ?
I agree . And probably the automobile companies are too powerful . They never allowed the government to develop trains .
Yes , it has been conquered by many people in history .
Excuse me , could you tell me how much is the ticket ?
Very well , thanks , I will probably finish next week , but this is still a lot of work , I have been worked on in for six months , and i ' m so closed to end . I can fill in .
Well , I think that we are going to have to get you to an emergency room right away .
I'm sorry , I must have been confused . I had thought it's C section , but actually it's D section . I'll move my car right away .
What does the reading tell you ?
Oh , it's highly efficient .
Ah , yes . The Italians do love the sensual forms of the human body .
What are you going to do about it ?
You made a good choice .
Actually . I prefer we eat at home . We ' ll have more time to catch up that way .
Yeah , but who wants to go in ? I'm not gay , you know . Why should I go in a gay bar ?
Daniel . Mind your eye !
That's no problem ; I can take care of that for you .
Several things , for example , Various coins , stamps , stones and so on .
I need to return these books .
Did you have a good trip ?
Oh , yeah ? What's it about ?
Come on , it's easy , and it'll make you feel good . Why don't you come with me tonight ?
absolutely . I can decide when and what to do all by myself .
I used to be really interested in that . But lately it seems that they end up saying one thing and doing another anyway . So why listen ?
Oh , doctor . Do I have to ? I am afraid of needles !
Well , I think you may be overreacting . Mitch likes to give everybody constructive criticism and I think that's what he was doing .
There is a three-day package tour . You will have 3 full days in the cities . It is a general tour of the cities . The itinerary includes the places of interest such as Window of the World , China Folk Culture Village . Chen Clan Academy , Southern Yue Tomb , and Gongbei Market .
My mom says no boyfriend until I'm in college .
Oh , that sounds great . I'll take it .
Sure . I have it right here . 232-2453 . If that one doesn ' t work , try 232-2456 .
Yes , It's Henrylee@yahoo . com .
we have plenty of postcards to choose from here . The same designs can be found on these posters .
Congratulations , I hope everything works out .
I introduced an advanced product line , which increased the output and lessened the cost .
I don't know . I don't know what most of this food is !
Why weren't you at school yesterday ?
I see you have a coffee bar for a water cooler . The staff here must be comfortable . I think it really helps morale when people feel supported by their employers .
That's true dedication . I'm impressed . When is it due ?
What ' s the most important part ?
No . Have you ?
Hi , Bob .
Well , I collect beer mats . I ' m not sure that counts , though .
Yes , this is everything on the list .
Yes , I ' m 38 years old .
Make sure and come back in a couple of weeks .
No , a No . 50 will take you right there .
The maturity date isn't for another 10 weeks . Are you aware of that ?
A Current Deposit , please .
Ok , well , when you put it that way , it doesn ' t seem like a waste of time and money .
I had a job interview this morning .
don't worry . If you don't do well , no one can !
Yeah and remember if you buy something you mustn ' t carry it home otherwise your back will get worse .
Well , let me know when you can get it fixed . I ' d love to go for a ride in it !
I know . If you're sure the truth will do harm , maybe you can choose not to tell it .
I know what you mean .
Let's take him some of Kitty's best and make the pitch again .
Ms Anderson , my name is Mike . I am Division Chief of ABC Company . Welcome to Toronto .
That's unfair , Mom .
What else I ' Ve got to do ? Join the army ?
There was a serious disturbance in the street this morning .
How long would you stay ?
Of course not . People all over the world watch it on TV , or listen to it on the radio .
Anne ! I haven't seen you for ages . How've you been ?
Yes . She teaches our class three times a week .
Oh yeah , I remember Jake . That would be fine .
Of course . I will .
Hello , ABC Company . Can I help you ?
I like your idea of getting a beer . I think I'll go out myself .
The interesting thing is to see what really works and what's just hype .
OK , it ' s better to be far away from him .
I want to open a saving account , sir . What's the proper procedure ?
Good afternoon , how can I help you ?
Three every night .
That sounds pretty good . Tell me , must we use the same payment method for all of our employees ?
Oh , they are playing the wedding March . Here they come .
I think that that would be a really good choice ! Let's call and make a reservation .
A lot of young people have to do that .
You see , I bought it for my husband , but he doesn't like it .
You mean on product availability , reliability and price ?
Oh , fine . Hey , why don't we grab a bite to eat and do some catching up ?
I'd like you to manage a new online auction site we're building .
Congratulations on your success .
If I remember , he got off with a light sentence . Something like three years in a minimum-security prison .
What does a CEO do anyway ? I know the CEO makes the most money in the company , but what does he actually do ?
Hi . I'm looking for some good deals on produce .
I've entertained the idea . But I'm I leaning more toward politics .
10 pounds .
$ 4 . 55 , please . Anything else ?
That's my style when I'm not in the office .
Ohhhh !
I have no idea . First time here .
I use several services . Of course , I deposit and withdraw money quite often . I often use my ATM card to take money out of my current account . I use my bank to exchange money form once currency t
Either something in the hotel business or something to do with travel .
Are these all yours ?
Yes , I made a reservation for 3 days for April 3rd to 6th , and my name is Sara .
It's a great feeling .
Come on , Ted ! Don't be such a chicken . If you like her , you ' Ve got to tell her . Maybe she likes you .
I see . So this is the bill then and the total is ... ?
That's really convenient .
Not too bad .
Yes , I reserved a table for six people .
It it true of many countries .
Can we take personal days off ?
Yes , sir . How about the sideburns ?
Yes , they were lucky .
He ' s not in at the moment . Can I take a message ?
And Lisa .
You are very welcome .
Why did they arrest you ?
You see , nowadays , a lot of companies are concerned about their group account management . As long as your company meets all the requirements of our Group Account Deposit Service , I would fully recommend it .
No kidding ! When the last CEO left , we were worried about the future of the company .
I got the short end of the stick .
Not much ... but that's ok ... I'm a night owl anyway .
I'll see you then .
All the necessary documents and the information relevant to the meeting should be available , preferably printed and distributed before the meeting .
I should have turned it off . I ' ll turn it off now .
Let's just say there could be some big changes around here .
Last week his sister was admitted to the hospital .
You ' ll make more money that way .
It comes to $ 40 .
That was a very interesting presentation , Ms . Wang . My colleagues and I are very impressed with your proposal .
We had the grass cut and the flowers trimmed this morning .
You won ' t believe who ' s been elected to do overtime on the Baker account ! Me ! I ' Ve already logged in 20 hours of overtime !
Kim , have you made contact with Mr . Lee ?
First , you need a shampoo , it makes it easier for your hair to be dyed . Let's down your hair in the water , you hair will be fairly clean that way .
Oh , you have too wild of an imagination .
Noodles . How about you ?
I haven't met you at the gym for a long time .
It's my greatest pleasure to have met you . See you around .
What do you think of the novel you just finished reading ?
Yes , there are some on Pine Street .
Have you met the new girl ?
Yeah , Got a Coke ?
I'd like to very much .
It's the Automatic Teller Machine .
Don ' t touch that thermostat ! You don ' t pay the bills around here !
How about a laptop ?
Well , let's stop dragging our feet and find a Sichuan Hotpot restaurant for dinner !
Don ' t worry . It ' s only a cold .
Oh , really ? How does the book end ?
That ' s very specialized . So , the insects and the flowers rely on each other . If one became extinct , the other would too .
Have you been under a lot of pressure lately ?
I'm not really in the mood for Italian , actually . I was thinking of something a bit spicy .
Why have you stopped production ?
Hello , Rebecca , fancy meeting you here !
Would you like to travel ?
How long will you study there .
If only I could join it !
Mmm ...
You really think that many people turn to the internet to find product information . What about the old standbys of word mouth and print media ?
That's something you need to overcome . Men should make the first move as most of girls prefer being chased .
You can ! With a little practice .
Will you be needing anything else ?
What exactly is wrong with it ?
He's my brother .
Yeah . Falling in love is so good !
Wow , it is like a maze , I think I might get lost soon .
Why are those people crying ?
It will be summer . So it will be hot .
I don't know . Maybe the same . Actually , this is my first time being in a bar .
Do you keep the receipt ?
I didn ' t see it .
I like spring . The days are long and the night are short . The flowers are in bloom . We go on picnics .
I hope it will stay fine tomorrow . I'm going to have a picnic with my family .
Be careful . You can't smoke here .
Such as your land line phone number , mobile phone number and e-mail box .
No , the meeting will be held on the fourth floor .
Come here ! I can see the tall camphor trees from here .
Would you like to have a perm ?
Working at weekend is something I hate to do most .
It's Smith . Here is my driver's license .
They sell pieces of fried chicken , you've got to try one this time .
And then I made lunch .
I'm so sorry to hear that . But this is a good hospital . I'm sure they will do whatever they can .
So , Monica , what do you feel like doing this afternoon ?
I don ' t know . I didn ' t really feel like going out . I guess I ' m feeling a little homesick .
He was messing around last week in class .
hi , how are you doing ?
Of course . We have three different plans with different prices you can choose from . The first one is the cheapest but most basic plan which is thirty dollars a month . This is for broadband internet with a download speed of five hundred and twelve kbps .
Sure , I'll give you a call .
Not really . It's a dull one , and the production isn't satisfactory , either .
I am afraid we have no extra key . So I will send somebody to your room .
As soon as possible .
Ah , ah , you promised , and remember ?
Peter , listen to the lyrics of this song .
Ping . P-I-N-G .
Is this the Law Firm of A & B ?
Are meals included ?
How many plates of ice ream did you eat , young man ?
Is everything ready for the big family barbecue tomorrow ?
Yes , you do . The Hot Cap is back here in the corner . I think we're ready to put the curlers in . What kind of perm would you like ?
Well , if you ever need help with an extension , you can dial O .
When crossing the road you must always pay attention to what's around you .
Actually , you do not need to go into the office to file a claim . You can do it over the phone or the Internet .
You're supposed to stand here quietly until the flag - raising ceremony is over .
I understand your position . Perhaps it ' s time to stop floating and go back to where you belong . You ' ll feel much better with your family around .
Well , don't get bend on a ship about it .
I believe you will . I ' m very pleased with your work . Your promotion will contribute to the development of the company .
that is to say , most IT professionals can get a pay rise more easily by changing a job than waiting for a rise . I'm wondering why IT companies are always willing to pay more to new employees instead
good morning !
Why not just tell him I'm sick ? I'll ring him myself this afternoon .
Granted , it ' s cheap , but the place is filthy , the beds are uncomfortable , there ' s no A / C , the breakfast is pretty skimpy ... and the staff couldn ' t care less about the guests .
Sorry , Mr . Smith agenda is full today .
It is about 10 minutes walk .
I know , and I will .
Can I get a soda , please ?
You are smart . The city is really charming at night .
I would never want to be a celebrity because the paparazzi would also be after you .
Sure . What movies were you thinking about going to ?
What size do you wear ? These shoes are on sale .
You mean I have the job ?
Ok , I will remember .
Yeah , let me have a try .
We've been able to survey and track some of the information of our website users through some cookie technology , and it's surprising to see the results .
It was wonderful , but I was so tired .
Do you need to buy a duplicate permit for a second vehicle ?
Hi . I ' m interested in renting a one-bedroom apartment .
What ' s this form for ?
What did you do after high school ?
About 300 dozens .
How much do you have to pay for the ticket ?
Right . You have to turn it on and program it depending on what type of clothes you are washing . For example for delicates , you should set a shorter washing cycle . Also , be sure to use fabric softener and this detergent when washing .
Yes , dad ?
you see ? You ' re becoming more decisive already !
That's what I've heard .
Ok , let ' s go through this one more time . I don ' t want anymore ruined or dyed blouses !
Dude , are we on the right bus ?
Yes , here they are . This is my ID card . This is my diploma . And this is my certificate for nurse qualifications .
Thanks , Mrs . Doff . Please tell him to be at the airport at three p . m .
I'd like to try some Chinese food .
Oh , cheer up . A girlfriend is not everything .
Oh , I see it . Do you have multi-vitamins ?
I see . What about transport ? How does Shanghai compare to London ?
Is there anything I can do for you , Mr . King ?
16 . Yours ?
Well , I ' Ve always wanted to have lots of children . Growing up with only one brother , I always felt a bit lonely . What do you think about families with only one child ?
I'd like to , but I must run to a meeting .
Wow . That's wonderful .
It ' s a beautiful day to see two world class teams face each other and fight for their right to be called champions .
You know what , I have to pick something up at the mall , so why don ' t you clean the floors and I'll go to the supermarket and get all the groceries .
Did you go to the top of the Eiffel Tower .
I like that .
You yourself have a photo studio ?
What price range are you interested in ?
We are going to need a loan . I'm not sure what loan is suitable for us , though .
Is it really going to take that long ? Will you rush the order ?
We start at the top with our name and contact information . Make sure the information is current .
Well , I just came in . I worked overtime yesterday . Some statistics and very important documents seemed to be inaccurate . So I stayed to double check them . The boss was aware of my very late work of last night . So before he left office , he told me I could come one hour later this morning .
Hi , may I speak to Ryan , please ?
I'm not sure , but she probably won't remember if she has ! She's very forgetful !
I think you should do that soon . It will help you make a decision about the school you go to .
Excuse me , sir . Could you spare a minute ?
I've been here for 3 years , and I haven't had a raise in all that time . If you like my work , it should be reflected in my pay , and I feel it isn't .
Sure . Let me look over them and I ' ll bring them back this afternoon .
Yes . I've had one for as long as I can remember .
Happy to see you .
Bob ! Your eyes look bloodshot . Did you not sleep well ?
I don't remember , but it wasn't very serious . Have you ever been in an earthquake ?
You will visit the Hyde Park , Poet's Corner , Tower of London , Fleet Street and Tower Bridge .
Oh , I thought you said Laura . Sorry about that . This is the right number , but Heather's not here right now .
Well , it takes two to to make a happy marriage .
Sorry , I can ' t .
I think that you have covered all the important points already . But if I have any questions later I will contact you .
It's gone completely .
But what are the sources of water pollution ?
You want to be beautiful , don't you ? Think about the butter and flour in ...
Oh , that ' s too bad . Why don ' t you take some aspirin ?
You ' re fine with that ?
Alright , I ' ll buy this one .
What's the news on our website ? How effective do you think it is from a marketing standpoint ?
Because it was her husband who beat her .
Oh . Yes . It is
ok , Nathaniel . I'll have Ms . Collins call you back sometime tonight before 6 pm .
Better luck this time !
Thank you for your letter .
I'm awfully sorry to have kept you waiting for so long .
I want to know where this relationship is going . I ' m in love with you and I need to know ...
Sure ! My number is 626-555-1739 .
It seems like it rains every time we plan a picnic .
Well , it's a bit overweight . You must pay extra for it .
Can I take a credit card for the deposit ?
Teach me Cantonese and I'll pull some strings to get a trade with you next time around .
But our order this time is very large . To open an L / C for such a large amount at a bank is costly . Can you be a bit more flexible and bend the rule a little ?
Have you just started college ?
Oh , I see . Then , can I buy slides and picture postcards somewhere ?
How about the new bar across road ?
Here ' s your hot dog and beer . What happened ? Did I miss anything ?
It seems that you are an optimistic man who doesn't dismay easily . That is what a good salesman needs . Good luck .
I think that's a bad idea . I'd hate anyone here to think of me as a friend . How would they ever respect me as they can do whatever they want ?
Will you please pose for your picture ?
Help you in the kitchen , I don ' t feel like it .
No , I just need the sheets .
I will . Thanks for your advice .
So I can use the onboard phone during the flight ?
That'll be fine . Thanks .
Let's try it !
Excuse me , could you please take a picture for us ?
Ok , just leave it to me . I ' ll take care of it .
Therefore , we must be very careful in building up clear expressions and complete understanding on both sides of trade .
I wish I could place a monthly order for a minimum of 50 cases , introducing your goods to my customers , but your price , $ 100 for a case , is too high in this highly competitive market .
What if I exceed ?
it looks like you have a red rash all over you ! Are you allergic to anything ?
Can you help me set up my voicemail message ? I just got this service and I am not really sure what I am supposed to say .
You can taste some before you buy it . They have food tasting at the counter .
Married whom ?
Thanks ! I'm so happy . It's like a dream come true .
It's very considerate of you to do so . Do you have any laundry today ?
What are you assigned to do ?
Really ? Are you familiar with that company ?
There was a stop sign back there that you didn't stop for .
Here is the copy . Do you need anything else ?
Everything I've seen so far is very impressive , very impressive indeed .
Can I have a black one over there ?
You are such an expert on it . I don't know that .
Then we return to the hotel and come back . Will you change the appointment ?
I think I'm your lucky fellow .
How much do you need to make per year ?
That's exactly what I was thinking of .
Hmm ... Oh , this one , ' The Drunken Beauty ' . This is a real classic .
And would you mind telling us what you think of the rail service ?
I know it is quite different from Western chess .
Do the same thing with a drop slip if you ever need to drop a class . Good luck !
Not very far from here . We'll fly . It's about one and a half hours .
That's an attractive plan . I'll think about it .
Mrs . Smith , you are always worried about your children .
When did the pipe start leaking ?
Be prepared to provide your employer ' s name and address and what dates you worked .
Welcome . Can I help you with anything ?
fine . How are your term papers ?
Whoa , take it easy there Rambo . Don ' t get carried away . These weapons are not toys , and you must first learn how to handle them properly . There are basic rules that you must abide by in order to be
That ' s true . For the Junior Executive Room ... three nights ... yes , your bill should be $ 1,500
Oh , you actually do that ?
I'm not sure , he is a manager I think .
If the nest room is still noisy , could you give me a different room please ?
do you know how to set the timer ?
So Alex , you ' re off to the Olympic stadium then ?
Yes , I've got all that here .
I had a similar experience , but that was on the top of Tasha Mountain in my country .
Yes . There are several data documents about this contract . Please advise me which one I should give up .
That would be weird .
I wanted to , but I ran into this foxy lady that just moved to my block ! I was chatting her up a bit and then we mellowed out at her place .
Yeah . I need to get some stuff .
How about interviews ? Have you been on any of those yet ?
Not really , but I've got used to it now .
Could you tell me something about safety deposit box rental , please ? I need somewhere safe to keep some insurance documents ; I just simply don't feel comfortable keeping them at home or in the office .
Ye , I hope so . well . Take it easy .
Oh yeah , I saw the tea house the other day . I think I might go and have a look sometime . It's a nice neighborhood here .
Yes , he is . He loves the girl very much .
This way please . We have a full range of products from cosmetics to skin cleansers .
No problem . Let's check the terms of contract .
I was assigned a project to design a 360 - degree performance system . It was a challenge for a person with a finance background . I met with the technical people and discussed the possibilities and obstacles . Based on that information , I selected a team and created a spreadsheet to manage the project . We got the project done on schedule . I was rewarded for outstanding results and was able to share the honors with the team .
Is the driving test difficult ?
Can I get you any dessert ?
By the way , I would like some chilli oil .
Don't worry . I won't .
What did you exactly do there ?
I'd like to buy a tie to match this suit .
Yeah . I hate spending all day in there , too .
Yes , I'd like to move to another room .
Excuse me ? I didn't hear what you said .
Good morning , Felix Wasserman Associates . Beth Jennings speaking .
You went out on a date last night , didn't you ?
I didn ' t think about it that way .
Hey , Sandy , what's new ? Interested in a movie tonight ?
I am pretty sure how to use it , but can you remind me ?
Just make sure children don ' t play in the flower beds and destroy the flowers .
Well . We went bungee jumping when we were in Malaysia .
Take the number 5 train and get off at the United Squire .
why , Jerry ? Your words just came out of the blue .
Where is it ?
What kind of exercise do you think I do ? I just go to dance everyday after work . I ' m taking an amateur dance class . I dance two hours everyday .
I am not sure about the name of the film , but I know it's a romantic one .
Have you ever thought about having children , Kaitlyn ?
Yes , what kinds of wine do you have ?
Sorry , I didn ' t prepare this .
But you should make up your mind first .
I ' m afraid I can ' t , but I'd be glad to learn .
No , that's the cost , and that's what it's going to cost us . We can't go in the hole with this . I am giving you my best price , so take it , or leave it .
Just about . It should be done in the next couple of days . Why ?
So , so you're British , do you missing them ?
Do you go to the cinema a lot ?
I can see five other guys eying her up .
You're kidding !
Hey , you , pick up that piece of garbage !
I can see that . But I didn ' t know you had experience in that line of work .
You must weigh that as well .
That's good , I'm usually more comfortable in bigger families .
Excuse me , would you tell me who that girl is ?
No , don ' t bother . It ' s all right as it is .
But anyhow there are many worthwhile programs .
I use several services . Of course , I deposit and withdraw money quite often . I often use my ATM card to take money out of my current account . I use my bank to exchange money from one currency to another . I often travel abroad , you see .
You will be busier , right ?
I heard that we will call at some ports on the way . Is that true ?
Fine . What kind of relationship do you think should exist between a boss and his or her employees ?
Of course , I'm sure you will like it .
They are all pretty easy-going . It's a very friendly place to work .
I see what you mean . I understand why you're concerned . Have you tried talking to your son about it ?
I would like to buy a new fridge .
She was a cute 8 pounds 6 ounces .
Hi , Brad . How are you today ?
Do you have a problem walking a little bit ?
do you have any plans for Friday night ?
Well , I know how to turn it off !
I hope that I get what I asked for .
I'd like to buy a house about 300m with a garden . Can you help me ?
So there are only five working days in a week ?
That ' s exactly what I ' m getting at . We ' re supposed to be able to do our preparation and marking in that office , but have you noticed ? Jack constantly has students coming in to get help with his course . A lot people are going in and out .
Do you use an anti-virus program to protect your computer ?
All right . There we go .
Yeah , but I don't know if it is going to be any good .
Don't do that to me , honey . Give me a chance , please . I make a solemn promise never to drink alcohol again .
Yes , and they have a sale on now .
So , if the cause is poverty , there should be a programme to make the country richer . If the problem is resources , share them .
What about that one over there ?
What are you so excited about ?
Did he come in with anyone else ?
Smoking or non-smoking ?
Sure . We will make a broadcast for you . May I have your name , please ?
I don't care what other people think . I am ready for a lift .
I'm very glad to meet you . May I have this dance with you ?
What a lovely tapestry ! Don't you think we could use one to decorate our room ?
Oh , you don't ask much , do you ?
The Employment Development Office will send you a Notice of Unemployment Insurance Award letter .
Nothing . It's just one of those days . Everyone at the office is sick and I'm getting blamed for work not being done .
I see . That's what I thought .
That will be a tough match , right ?
Yes . The baked fish was out of this world .
I ' m sure they are . Oh , and a local man won the lottery . I ' m so jealous ! I wish it were me ! I buy a lottery ticket every week and I ' m amazed that I haven ' t even won a small prize yet . It ' s so unfair !
May I have a word with you ?
Don ' t worry . I know there are no pennies from heaven . I will work hard .
I just cann't believe my ears !
Ahhhhhhhh
I ' ll pick you up at ... say , seven thirty ?
I ' m sorry , Mr . Michael . Could you tell me where the problems are exactly ? Maybe I misunderstood the client ' s intentions .
Take the magazines out of the bookcase . Put them in that box .
Perhaps you would like chocolate-covered strawberries with the champagne ?
Oh , I know . Thank you . Professor wang .
Is there anything else I can do for you before your leave ?
I see . Where are you now , Li ?
But don't worry . You can get off at the next stop and walk back . It's not far .
Well , as you know I was in Thailand last month , and I took a cooking class ! So I prepared some of my favorite dishes .
I'd like to get this prescription filled .
we landed in Southampton and waited an hour for the storms to pass and then took off again .
That's not bad . How long have you been in PR ?
automatics are very simple to drive . The first thing you should do is put your seat belt on .
Good . Dinner is nearly ready and I ' d like to watch the news before we go . The Oscars were last night and I want to see the results .
How about rose ? It's the most suitable one for lovers .
Well , actually I prefer something a bit bigger if that's possible .
No , doctor . I never have enough time for exercise . I start work very early in the morning and finish late in the evening . Then I can't get to sleep . Can you give me some medicine to help me to sleep ?
I'm not surprised . She's a plain Jane .
Begin at 9 o ' clock sharp .
Thank you , I ' ll pay next then .
I am just reminding you about the time . You don't want to miss the plane , do you ?
Me too . But what can we do ? This isn't a reality TV show ... we can't just vote him out .
O . K . We offer a few different kinds .
It ' s still a mystery . Because Evelyn is only three-month pregnant . But she begins to take her maternity leave now .
Mr . Johnson , for the unguaranteed reservation , we can only hold the room by 6 p . m . , because it is the peak season now . If you make a guaranteed reservation , we can hold the room overnight . Would you like to make a guaranteed reservation by credit card ?
What ! ? It'll be a miracle if we're ready by the end of the month ! Is she crazy ?
When will you reach there ?
... Who you were with ? I didn ' t know whom you were with .
I don't know . You should know how she's going to react . She is your girlfriend .
Yes . I want a first class single ticket .
Okay . I'm going to stay up a while . I've got to go over the household budget . We've sightly overspent this month .
It's both affordable and it comes with all the appliances .
OK . Would you like something to drink in advance ? We have all kinds of sodas , juices , beers and wines .
Ouch . You must be very disappointed .
What ' s the problem , Ms . Murphy ?
Oh man , I hate rejection . It really makes you feel terrible , especially when you really liked the person .
Why would you like to work with us ?
Please tell him to call Mr . Baker at the Grand Restaurant . It's urgent .
When I fill out the Continued Claim Form , what will I need to tell them ?
I was really glad to hear about your award , congratulations !
Well . When you review your lessons , mark the places which you don't understand , then I will give you some coaching .
I can tell you worked hard on it .
What kind of job do you think I should get ?
Thanks a lot . You ' Ve been very helpful .
Well start out from Long Island this Friday . We've planned a four day drive to Salt Lake City , where we'll join my brother and his family on his fortieth birthday .
Oh no , we just make an impression of your card using our credit card machine . It ' s in lieu of a deposit . If everything is OK when you check out , we give it back to you then . It ' s pretty sta
We have express service as well . It charges 30 % more but I assure your coat will be ready tomorrow morning .
Help me organize these coins .
There are a lot of options . You can surprise her over dinner , or ask her in a public area , or if you have the balls , ask her father in front of her .
Hasn't it ! It's been cold and windy recently . Do you like the weather here ?
Ms . : With a hall pass , you can go to the ladies ' room or wherever you need to go during class time .
What about going to the zoo on Saturday and to the park on Sunday ?
Here you are . Is everything OK ?
Well , I was walking down Nan Jing Dong Lu ( Nan-Jing E . Rd . ) during my lunch break thinking about this boy-I have no idea why I was thinking about him .
Let's have the salesmen for a demonstration .
Good morning , Madam . Is everything OK ? Is there something I can assist you with ?
I also want to see if my salary has been paid into my bank account . There was a problem last week .
I will try my best to assist you if you need any help .
Here is your check , 86 dollars in all . Can I take care of it here when you are ready ?
to be honest , I didn't really like Shaun of the Dead . Besides , I like movies with a happy ending best .
You bought a compact car ?
Fill it up , PLS .
50000 yuan ' What a deal ! That will , of course , include tax , licence , and registration fee .
You know , smoking does do harm to your health .
I'd like to , but I'm afraid I can't afford the life here .
I haven't decided yet .
Well , I ' m hanging in there , but I lost my job and need to find another one quickly .
Do I need to include my zip code in the address ?
How to apply for it ?
We should keep Frank at arm's length .
Yes , of course , Mr Peters ! Good to see you again . What can we do for you today ?
All of your coursework is important , including everything from attendance and homework to all of your test results for the semester .
I'm searching for an old music box .
Great . Where is it ?
Hello , receptionist ?
sure it will . Oh , no , it's seven fifteen already . I'm going to be late for my date .
I have no idea where to get it from .
Yes , please . Christin .
This is just what I have in mind . Where are you planning to go ?
Of course , I did it myself .
What's the matter with my throat , doctor ?
Sure . Wait , wait . Does a lid come with this pan ?
Do I need to buy anything else ?
I learned my lesson from the last experience . I didn't arrive early enough . So I ended up with a terrible seat , All the way up in the front row . It was one of my worst movie experiences ever .
And you'd look so cool !
I need the change for the stamp machine .
I just want to show my children how an American policeman looks .
Perhaps we ought to get dressed and have breakfast . We'd feel better .
That ' s great . Thanks for the ride . I really appreciate 1 it . You know my car is still in the shop .
We'd like to sign a year-long contract , if that's OK .
Yes , it is . But you must pay a deposit for the card .
What special skills do you have , can you tell me ?
I never really give them money because I don't want to contribute to their addictions .
I usually meet some friends and we play sports together or I might spend some time alone on my hobbies . I spend winter evening watching tv , but I spend summer evening at cultural events if I have time
Excuse me , is there a Post Office around here ?
whenever you are given added responsibilities , you should get a promotion .
How do you find studying a language on the internet ?
No , no . That's too big a number to be acceptable . Let's put it at 450 pieces . And we'll strive to sell more , of course . We wish to add another clause . For every 50 pieces sold in excess of the quota , we'll get 1 % more in commission for our efforts .
It is a way to make a living , but beyond this it's a way of fulfilling one's development . It can prove your ability .
It's hard to say . Perhaps swimming is my favorite . I like swimming because it helps improve my lung capacity . In the scorching summer days , there's nothing like a cool swim . Currently , I go to the pool twice every week .
I don't think we need too much in the way of soft drinks , Two super bottles of Cola should cover everyone . What about wine ?
I'm afraid I don't quite understand .
All right , let me get your meat for you .
Rachel has decided to quit smoking .
That sounds ideal . Can we go to have a look at it ? we'd like to see it before making a final decision .
Where ? Oh , that's Henry .
And have you taken anything for it ?
OK , we'll send someone up to check it .
No , I'm not asking for money , I'm asking for your advice .
Yes , I can , but not very well .
No , it isn ' t . it ' s a pity , because I ' d like to see it in action .
It's the middle of summer , it shouldn't rain today .
No . You're going to do the entire house .
I don't know about all of that , but think about it , their business gets free publicity !
Yeah . Web sites provide many melodies for handsets like my ERICSSON .
Hello . Can I talk to Miss Li , please ?
Well , would you like something else ? The new-made cafe parfait is really good . Want some ?
I want to start a tradition of family vacations with our family right now before we have kids .
How long has it been like this ?
What's happened ?
Have you had any experience with sales work ?
Mike ! What's going on , man ! Long time no see !
I'm terribly sorry . Won't you let me pay for it ?
How do you feel about hiring that clown to come and entertain the kids ?
Do you think the rain is going to let up soon ?
A few of the graphic designers are a bit behind in their work because of computer problems .
Saturday ' s hours are from nine in the morning to six-thirty at night .
Would you like to go to a concert with me ?
We are going to pack them in boxes with a colored picture of the blouse on it . Inside we ' ll use a transparent poly bag for the blouse ready for the window show . You'll see that the blouses will appeal to the eye as well as to the purse .
You have to pay a fine .
I think that you are right . Maybe they can give us a free dessert or something .
Mars . Scientists say there might be water on it .
Good afternoon , sir . What can I do for you ?
Let me see . Laptop , flash disk , a ballpoint pen , a pencil , a notebook , a pair of glasses , cell phone , charger , moisture , notion , ... Oh , that is too much . You are not going to a business trip .
Well , only you liked it really , darling .
How's your new job going ?
I am afraid the label is not quite suitable for this locality . Could you quote us for the order with neutral cases ?
Oh , as simple as that ! I shall never wait for a real person again , these machines are wonderful .
It only takes about half an hour .
And the height ?
Probably not .
Oh , yes , but we used to do so much together .
Thanks . It was very nice to meet you .
Too many . I will just give you one example , Huangguoshu Falls , the largest waler-fall in China .
I'm so glad to meet you .
I can't wait to go skiing tomorrow .
I really , really want a house , even though it is small like a snail house .
$ 850 a month is not enough money .
Would you please bring me the black suit ? I want to try it on .
Well , he is a typical Sagittarius guy , while I am a Cancer . We aren't really compatible
Sure . First we'll go buy a newspaper and then we'll go to the library .
Ok , thank you .
I will need you to face this glass plate right over here .
Finally !
Of course . That's what we deserve .
You'll find that by the paper towels .
So he will make a perfect husband . Make sure you will be here next Monday .
Hi , Gerry . How can I help you ?
Good . I recommend it . Shakespeare is of course enormously important . We want our students to take the class as soon as they can . And Professor Friedman is an excellent teacher .
I'm sure you will have fun no matter where you go . Remember to take your bag .
What do you know about our company ?
Now , I am responsible for training new staff , but you keep overriding my authority by trying to pose your methods . I know you are a hotshot college graduate with something to prove . But I don ' t like your way .
Do you know where you're going to get it ?
Thanks for all your help .
Yes , I do . It save me a lot of time . I also have standing orders for my subscriptions to magazines .
That ' s what makes this such a fantastic opportunity ! The government is one hundred percent supportive of creating new export markets and has guaranteed a low tariff for all wholesale orders of over one thousand units . They ' Ve also reduced the red tape involved at customs as well . Here , I brought these especially for you , try one !
Some grape juice would also be nice .
She a as meek as a lamb . She never goes against anyone or anything . She's as good as gold , you know ?
Can you tell me why you like it ?
Why don't you make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich ?
Would you like a balance inquiry first , Mr Mayhew ?
Okay , you call them .
Yeah , I crave my own space . I just get so tiredhaving people around me all the time . We all need our private space . But I also think interpersonal skills very important . Living in a dorm means you have to learn to be considerate of others , otherwise nobody is going to have a good time .
Honey , wait ! I've sprained my ankle .
Ever hear of WebTracker ?
Very good . Now can you tell me the hours of operation ?
Well , it's helpful to chop up some garlic and cook it in chicken stock . Then drink a cup every half hour . It really works !
Yes , but he ' s got a wife and 3 children as well .
Could I have your name and room number ?
Poor girl !
There is a wait right now to use the computers .
I'm always feeling hungry .
If the new girl is competent , maybe they will promote her when that time comes .
Now , we're going to draw an apple in your sketch book . What do we use ?
It seems that the inner beauty is also important .
Rather . I'm afraid I didn't do very well .
that will be all . You're been very helpful , thanks .
Just to the bottom of my ears . By the way , I'd like a shave , too .
Can you think of some other places where I may look for work ?
Sorry I couldn't help you .
But she did and it made me disappointed .
It would have to be after lunch . Do you have anything available about 2 o'clock ?
How much is a regular haircut without shampoo ?
How long do I have to wait ?
Yep ! The nick name for your zone , address , gender and so on . Some of them are privacy , so you have the right to keep secret here .
Why use wooden cases ?
Let me know if you do need anything .
You know , I often overhear our neighbor , the young couple , fighting about how to raise their kid and I really don't want kids to spoil our happiness .
Yeah , I do . I guess I'm a real fitness freak .
Would you trim off a bit there , about the ear .
What do you think of the speech the man delivered just now ?
Mr . : The school parking lot is not big enough for all the school buses to come in at one time . So only half the buses come in first to pick up the first wave's students .
He not only sent me nasty e-mail , but he's so bored , he even asked me to search the Net for even more forwards for him !
That's true . Ok , I will think about it .
Your upstairs neighbors live in Canada and rarely come back to Taiwan . When they do , they're never home .
Thanks for reminding me . It always slips my mind .
Do you think I should buy this now and bring it with us ?
How could you have done that without asking me first ?
Well , our store offers a 90 - Day return policy and the manufacturer offers a one-year warranty on any factory defects .
It sure is hot . Why don't we go in the Haunted House ? At least it will be air conditioned .
I know that's what I must do .
Well , haven't you heard ?
I made a doctor's appointment for you .
Actually , yes . Could you show me how to use my key card ?
No , not at all ! Just lay back and relax .
I just lost my job . My boss just told me .
What's the hurry ?
how do you feel about wearing name logos or slogans on your clothing ?
Excuse me . Does this bus go by Tiananmen square ?
Well , she was a very good employee and we wanted to keep her , so her supervisor called her in for a chat and laid it on the line for her . She got the idea and now she saves the trendy styles for evenings and weekends .
Don't you see I'm trying my best ?
Sorry , sir . We receive credit card and cash only .
Brad Bush ? Good for you !
That ' s one of the conditions of my police too . It covers you if you die before you retire and when you retire .
Do you need it for the whole weekend ?
Sure . If I could , I would eat hotpot every day !
Okay ... A pint of Heineken and and half a pint of bud for table six ! And what about some appetizers ?
I'll give you five more minutes , then I'm going on without you !
Do you have deviled crabs ?
No . Um , do you carry any padded coat ?
We should probably think about going somewhere that isn't too far away . How about the countryside ? There must be many interesting places , and we could enjoy the fresh air .
Good day to you . How can we assist you today ?
Actually , I haven ' t had time to look it over . Did you bring another copy with you ?
His family will be pleased to hear that . They must have been so worried .
Are there any clear answers in the book to this question ?
Well , I know you ' re pretty booked up these days . But , we ' Ve got to work fast on this .
Yes , there must be about a hundred . Do you have a favorite ?
Yeah . Well , anyway , it's up to you . But I can tell that you come here often .
Oh , blonde , she's very blonde ... quite short hair ...
No , I've already been to here for three interviews .
Yes , what can I do for you ?
We can get started as soon as you fill out this form .
Hello
Where do we begin ?
It has fifty parking spaces .
Is there the correct billing address ?
come on ! We're traveling on our own . It won't cost too much .
You can see that it keeps the original color of the tea leaves very well .
Hello , is this the ABC Company ?
Right now I'm learning about the importance of breathing slow , deep and regularly .
You're right . I will have a talk to her about that .
I think that we should check out the kitchen . It is listed as roomy and spacious .
I sure did !
Maybe you should ask him openly .
I know , you should really go and see her and the baby .
That ' s fine . I appreciate your help .
My family move in just two weeks ago . We live on the fourth floor .
Yes , it's fine . However , I personally think the fairways between the greens are a bit too long , especially for such a hot climate . Don't they have carts ?
Okay , how about a midnight curfew ? And I'll let you know where I am .
Because you ' d end up spoiled rotten if I wasn ' t .
Look what you did to my rear bumper .
Huh ? Me ?
You should look the interviewer in the eye so as to show that you are carefully listening to him .
Our productivity has been down for more than six months now . I'm seriously considering pulling in an outside consultant to diagnose the cause of our problematic areas . I think we'd all benefit from an outsider's perspective . Sometimes we're just too closed to the problems to see the forest for the trees .
Well , I used to be size fourteen , but I've put on a bit of weight recently , so may be sixteen .
You mean we Chinese think differently from the Americans ?
The only way you're eating tonight is if you cook .
Loans Department , how can I help you ?
That ' s what you get for working in a male-dominated field . I think you ' ll find that most male bosses in your industry are already conditioned to treat females in this way . You probably won ' t be able to change him .
I don ' t know whether I am a Barbie Doll or you are one .
They're in Aisle Two .
I'm sorry . All the back of that size are sold out . Would you like a red one ?
That's great . Anything else ?
Well , I approach things very enthusiastically , I think , and I don't like to leave something half-done . It makes me nervous-I can't concentrate on something else until the first thing is finished .
How so you want to your hair cut ? Any particular way ?
500 feet ! I would never be able to do that .
One dollar to five franc . Is that alright ?
That's a secret . Here , let me help you with your coat , and we'll be on our way .
Surely not . Life in the university is fun . Why did you ask ?
What do you mean ? What are you talking about ?
Where is the next taxi stand ?
Send it by the fastest way .
absolutely not ! He's a cheater . I will never talk to him again . I'm over with him . He's history !
Do you have any other special skills ?
that's annoying , but nothing to worry about .
Are there many side effects ?
Here ' s my card , just give me a call if you ' re interested .
Does the TV have cable ?
But you're OK ? It was nothing serious , was it ?
The only thing is that my pen friend will be writing in English .
You always want to go to the Latin Club . I don't know those dance steps . I'd rather go to the New Bar .
And these old Dutch candle holders would go nicely with the tea set . Have them .
I think this icon means that you have a voicemail message .
Hi , Alex . How are you doing ?
It's so busy here .
I don ' t know . Never saw him before . Why ?
Ok , I ' m going to stay up awhile . I ' Ve got to go over the household budget , We ' re a little over-spend this month .
I ' m sure that he will .
I want to go all out if we can afford it .
I think 2,000 RIB will suffice , thanks .
I really wasn't told anything .
I want to feel that I am making a real contribution to the company , so I would like my boss to trust me with important work .
Did you move into your new apartment ?
I want to find an old music box .
Yes , I'd like another cup of coffee afterwards . Make it hot , please .
I ' m going to need my deposit back .
Yes , the deadline for applying is 1st Feb , so I hope they will arrive in 3 days .
Hum , what you say make sense . But you know , I still have to ask my parents for pocket money , and I hate to do so at this age .
when is the first meeting then ?
I work there every year .
My fees went up , but I didn ' t even know I had fees to pay .
Welcome to my birthday party , I am so happy you can come .
There is a library right inside the front door .
Great , then let's go visit him . I want to give him some flowers , too , to say sorry .
Hopefully signing up for this Network Settlement Service will solve all of that . If you are sure , we can go ahead now , Sir . How does 10 am tomorrow sound , to get all of the paperwork out of the way ?
$ 80 .
Left at the lights ?
Oh , very good .
Are you sure you're not reading too much into what he said ?
If you have any more laundry , please just leave it in the laundry bag behind the bathroom door . The laundryman comes to collect it every morning .
Therefore , I think I'll explore New York some more . But I need to store my bags .
Three of our friends will join us so can you seat 5 people at that time ?
And as for the kitchen things , do you want very high quality ?
There ' s a lot to see there . Perhaps we should go tomorrow .
Wow ! You must have been pretty far away from the city .
I didn't get any of them . I was waiting for you to text me the address of where the party was and I never got your message .
yeah , the success stories of that company might be useful for me . And their customers may become the potential ones for my own company .
My name is Mona White .
What is the hourly rate for a car like this ?
That'll be nonsmoking . Now , do you approve of a single queen-size bed ?
are they window seats or aisle seats ?
Sure . Kind acknowledgments can show one's good attainment .
How am I going to get home ?
I know , Grandma , I just ...
Hey , come on . It ' s too early to say that . We can fix things .
I'm really busy right now . I got a lot on my plate . So this isn't an actual bid you want but just a ballpark figure ?
Come on . Two is company .
Sure . We have to have something to lie on while we're catching some rays .
When did you go there ?
Not quite , Sir . We will need to also know the account number , the deposited amount and your PIN number . You will also have to come in and fill out some forms .
What store are you going to ?
How do you do . I ' m Mark Rancor .
I do hope this undesirable incident will not stand in the way of our future business .
Oh , that sounds great !
Wonderful , I will give you a chance of interview .
I'm sorry to hear that . Please tell me the exact problem .
2,000 RIB per month .
Excuse me . Have you got the time ?
yeah , I love horror movies . Would you like to go with me tomorrow ?
It leaves in 20 minutes .
Hello , Mr . Liang . I've done with the work . My report is here so please give me new instructions .
RIB . By the way , what is the exchange rate today ?
10 pence off if you use this coupon .
I'm not sure . Could you measure me , please ?
Any body piercing ? Stick out your tongue !
Sure , I used to work there . Go straight for about a mile , then turn left at the light . The mall will be on the right .
It definitely is a nice change from the polluted and crowded city .
Well , I prefer to go on the train , but I suppose you want me to take the car .
I have a collect call for you from Jennifer . Will you accept the charges ?
Chen Hong , too .
He told me to stay in bed for ten days .
You'll be happy to know that it's open 24/7 .
Perhaps because of the dirty air .
Have a good day !
I didn ' t know myself till this morning when my boss suddenly dashed into the office and told me to rush up here to attend the conference .
My appointment was on Tuesday .
Can you give us an example ?
I see , sir . Those two ladies in front of your room did the same thing twenty minutes ago .
They're all so thin ! Her cheekbones are great .
I don't know exactly .
In that case , you ' d better have it registered .
good morning , Gav ! Did you sleep well last night ?
Okay , that's clear enough . Let's move on to the other terms .
He just stepped out . Can I take a message ?
I really like your books . I ' Ve just finished this one . I read it from cover to cover in a single day . Congratulation on making the bestseller list yet again !
Haven ' t you heard ? Richard was fired by our manager .
More and more people need to buy houses , but the market can not meet the needs , so this caused the bubble in real estate industry .
Oh , hey , no kidding ! I haven't seen you since orientation three months ago ! So how've you been ? Settling into college life OK ?
It's about two days .
How's he doing ?
I see ! How many pieces of cake did you eat ?
Ok ... I ' ll talk to you later . Bye
Or else I'll get into trouble .
I don't know how to do it .
Oh dear . I don't have it with me . Do you take debit cards or should I pay with cash ?
Unfortunately , it doesn't . However we can give you a 10 % discount on the frame . We also offer a very good financing plan . There is no payment no interest until next June .
At school , in China . This is my first time to be out of my own country .
Richard , why didn't you come to school today ?
What college are you attending ?
Of course ! It's the most wonderful natural works .
I really don't know , but I don't think she gave out that many yet .
Oh , I'm sorry . Let me go back to the cashier's to have it changed . ( a few minutes later , the waiter returns with the new bill . )
Sign here , PLS . You can appeal to the court within 14 days . This slip has all the information you need . Pls drive safely , sir .
I think so . You can get anywhere by bus and taxi is not expensive .
Ah , ah , ah ...
Well . Thank you for coming .
I mean very short , shorter than it is now .
Did you bring some lunch with you ?
That guy's manner really turns me off .
Oh , my God ! What's this ?
That would be wonderful . Sometimes we will be working together and sometimes independently . Would that be OK ?
Yes , I ' Ve been got all his albums and most of his films on DVD . I adore him . He ' s my idol .
Sorry . What was that you said ?
Can we have the bill now ?
I don't want to do the damn dishes .
They're blue .
It's just about ten minutes ' walk . Go along this street , on the third cross you'll find it on your left .
I like it very much .
Take your used textbooks with you and give them to the representative near the entrance . He will pay you for them . Are you going today ?
Yes , they do . It's great for them to tie the knot and get married .
I will poke your eyes out .
Yes , I understand .
Really , Mary , you ' re horrible .
All right , I'll let you know when I get through .
You are right . It is giving me a real headache . I feel like I ' m between a rock and a hard place .
Till I moved out of my parents ' home , I became a lot more independent .
I'll beat him .
Yet the Argentine attacker is worth a bet .
I ' Ve just taken out an insurance policy . Are you insured ?
We are willing to work with you , but do you think it would be possible to extend your confirmation deadline ? We need to check the warehouse to make sure the products are in stock . The earliest I will be to get back to you is tomorrow morning .
Err , well , I can ' t decide right now . Do you mind if I have a small internal discussion on this first ? I will tell you our decision this afternoon .
Interesting ! I am amazed how big and delicious thanksgiving dinners are !
I know . What time do they go ?
You means she didn ' t marry a rich man .
Excuse me , sir , the toilet in my room doesn't flush .
I see . Well , we have a lot of Spanish customers , but you wouldn't need to write any Spanish here .
The cement arrived late but don't worry , I'm confident we can still meet the deadline . The crew is on stand-by and as soon as the concrete has set we can get started again .
You're right . Thank you for the advice .
Open the book and turn to page 10 .
That is good news .
You know , stage fright is very normal , most people get nervous before they have to speak in front of large groups . Just prepare well , rehearse beforehand , and trust that you will be great ... and you will be !
While the curtains are being made , I can start having people look at the kitchen . I can't stand that old kitchen . I won't be able to cook there . I don't want to use that electric stove .
I ' m forming a music band .
We work hard and spend less time at home because we are trying to provide for our family with goods and services that are usually unnecessary .
Good , morning ! Can I help you ?
You can knock off another 2 % for that .
City Bank . This is Tom . May I help you ?
Why do you think so ?
I am going to the beech . How about coming with me ?
Would you like to have them altered ? Or would you like a different size ?
all right . But I think you ought to move soon .
That's right . I should speak to them in a polite way .
Sure thing .
Hi , dear , do you know what the important day is today ?
It depends on how you want to travel . If you want a soft sleeper , it will cost 610 RIB , if you want a hard seat , it will only cost 100RMB .
Well , that was an interesting documentary !
You two are always quarrelling over little things .
Tell me the news .
Hi ! Crenshaw and Hawthorne , at the Holiday Inn that is on that corner .
Have you made a reservation ladies ?
Great , let ' s go !
I think 250 dollars should be sufficient .
My wife and I earned one hundred and fifty thousand dollars last year .
What can I do for you , Miss ?
Yes , most of them . We trained on a dummy system last month . A couple of people were away so we've organised two more training sessions on the live system for the whole team this week .
Yes . Don ' t you ?
I will bring the diary .
Is this taxi taken ?
I ' m glad you finally agree .
Is she really ? I can ' t believe it !
Daddy , I am so glad you come out with us .
But she can ' t be home now . She might have gone to the library .
For how much ?
Oh yeah . It loses only a few seconds in the whole month .
When did you arrive here ?
Hey , young man , you are so deep today .
Good idea . Let's goa
Yes . please .
I'm OK . I promise . Maybe you don't know that I have done with him for a long time .
I guess you are right . maybe i just wish the weather could be a little more predictable .
No , most of the traditional festivals of the minority nationalities are not official .
Easy . I could do that with my eyes closed . ( after a while ) Done .
I have a better idea . Let's go to a jazz concert and I'll give you an education in jazz .
This is where we sing ? These booths are so comfortable I think could fall asleep !
Shall we have a game together some day ?
Will you give me a hand , sir ?
really ? Who do you chat with ?
I hope nothing is wrong .
Yes , I ' Ve finished .
So you are saying that I should eat , but I should just watch what I eat ?
Oh , that would be lovely . Shall we say seven o ' clock ?
I like spring .
Will , I'm under a lot of pressure . My manager is very pushy . He assigned me two projects . Now the deadlines are near but I have finished neither of them .
Well , let me know if there ' s anything I can do to help out .
May I carry this satchel ?
Have you gone out on any interviews so far ?
Beauty costs , dear ! What do you think of this dress ? Do you think it suits me ?
I'm not quitting yet . You know my favourite slogan , don't you ?
My pen name is ' Dark Blue ' .
Yeah , sure .
I have many hobbies , I like almost all kinds of sports and I also like to listen to pop songs .
I can handle that . I can operate word - processor , fax machine , photostat , and other office equipments .
Oh , yeah ! I think the love of sports starts when kids are very young . Americans come from many different backgrounds so I guess sports are something we can all enjoy together .
Six tens will be fine .
What are we going to eat for dinner ?
All right . Shall I check the oil ?
I can't believe that .
What would you like for dessert ?
How long have you been having this problem ?
It's not too salty .
Have you got anything a bit cheaper ?
Yes , it displays some social problems and interprets the values of our white-collars .
We export to Eastern Europe and the Far East . The domestic market accounts for about 40 percent of our total sales .
What should I avoid ?
Alright . See ya !
I was trembling in the wind when he ran to me with an umbrella in his hand and asked , ' Where is your home ? '
Can I have a bottle of champagne , lobster tail , and filet mignon , medium rare ?
That's a lot of money ! What did you do ? Break the piggy bank ?
I just don't like my hair .
Sorry , I'm late .
That's 886 .
After you ' Ve chopped the vegetables , could you fry the meat in a little oil ? Just use a very small amount of oil . Fry the meat until it is cooked , then we ' ll add some spices to flavor it .
Yeah . I really like the stores and the shopping .
OK , I'll go check it out .
Your luggage is two pounds over , I am afraid there'll be an excess luggage charge , sir .
No , this type cleans better , no crevices between the body and handle joint .
We need to talk .
I see . What a pity . I have to appreciate it carefully .
I'd like to return this radio .
I'm in the car business .
Thank God , we haven't encountered a burglar . I hope that our house is secure against burglary .
Will you forgive me . Could you return my camera ?
He wouldn't stop talking throughout the class .
What is it ? Why did you buy a brick ?
Las Vegas is in the southwest .
I'm knee-deep in cockroaches !
I think I'll go for the smallest , as it's just for documents . Will I be the only key holder ? I'd perhaps feel a little nervous if I knew someone else could have access to it at any time .
Isn ' t that Michael Johnson ? I think he set a world record in this race .
55 dollars , madam .
In a word , cockroaches !
Yes , the recent agreements between the two governments have changed everything . Now we have the right to sell in America at a much lower tariff . It ' s going to be good . We can compete more directly with them .
Perhaps you could look again , sir , to double-check .
Don't mention it . I am pleased to help you .
Well , don ' t just sit there , do something . Come and help me in the kitchen .
Thank you very much sir .
Yes , it will print immediately .
Oh ! yes
I would like to check out a book .
You won't need it . Tom is going to treat everybody !
all cleaned up . Are you ready to start on the washing up .
Which charges are you talking about ?
yes . I'm just waiting until I officially get admitted to the university with a conditional offer to apply for my visa .
Yes , they're ready to go .
Because her children have been the age when they seem to quarrel all day long .
It's ten cents a copy , sir .
Thanks . Sometimes talking with a friend is a great way to get over something . Do you mind if I vent a little bit ?
I want to go back to school .
Hey ! Fred , you are five minutes earlier than me today . Usually , you don't .
I ' Ve changed my mind .
You mean we can't just buy curtains already made ?
I wonder if you could help me , I'm looking for a room .
Let ' s see . Do you want to go to a bar and sing some karaoke ?
It's in the eyes . They're the type that seems to look into your soul , making one really uneasy .
Mmm ... let me think . Oh , I know just a person . An old colleague of mine , Jim Thomas , is coming here to do some research this summer , from June to August .
Would you please help me with my luggage ?
Aright . I'll talk to you later .
Boy oh , boy ! This is so cool . Let's rock and roll !
There ' s a big sale on clothes and sporting goods at Riverside Mall .
Yes , there is one at Sanyuan Bridge . It is a famous restaurant in the city .
really ? I'll take it , and I'm leaving here tomorrow . Is it possible for you to send one in black to me by mail when you gte it in ?
No problem . How would like your money ?
Fine ! I'll be back by nine then . Don't worry .
I have enough to live off of for about 3 months . But I really don't want to spend my life savings on just living ! I ' d rather invest my money somehow .
I've heard about it , but never had one .
But each children has his own interest .
But what about the indirect ones ?
I ' m sorry . It ' s for reference only , so it must stay in the library . But you ' re welcome to look through it .
Why do you want to teach at our school ?
Please let me know when you go to China and let me be of some assistance to you .
If you refuse to take risk , you can ' t have better returns .
True , and I like the kitchen . It's new and well equipped .
Are you nuts ! I ' m not going to run a red light !
So would you say if things don ' t go your way at work it could easily get you down ?
Hi , excuse me , Sir ? I ' m looking for a dress shoe . My usual pair that I ' Ve had for years have finally been stretched out of shape . They don ' t provide any support anymore .
Do you think chinese families have changed much in the last 50 years ?
Yes . After that you should emphasize your skills , educational background and related experience .
What are you doing this weekend ?
My name is Sam .
Sure , here you are . And here are my application forms as well .
How much is a stamp to send a letter to France , please ?
We've missed you too . The office just isn't the same without you . How is your new job ?
Mike ! Look at the floor !
We can make some special arrangement if we need to . After all , it's the company who is footing the bill .
I usually go to see a live band about twice a month . What about you ?
I think its critical advantage lies in its low cost . All you need is a racket , a table and a light celluloid ball . Tables are usually available in public recreation areas , like finest rooms , and outdoor playgrounds ...
I want to draw some money from my current account .
Martin .
I actually found it in the ads , and it ' s not too expensive either .
How useful do you think the internet is as a source of information ?
Now I see what you read the book for . But it's fine . I'll give you the lion's share .
Yes , and I think I have good news for you .
Something awful happened . We went to the Portobello Road , and someone stole my handbag .
After you
Sounds good .
The motor vehicles division . I work in our Belgian factory . We manufacture components for our car production plants in Europe .
Working out is another good way to relieve anger .
I have been absented from many classes this semester just because of my work in the Students ' Government .
Yes , I have worked in a bank for the last years .
Thank you for coming tonight , Mrs . Webber . As a teacher , it's great seeing the kid's parents assist our parent-teacher conference night .
Look at this girl's gray dress .
So you're learning Chinese songs ?
Here is your room . I hope you like it .
We are on the way to the Wall Street .
You know , our school is divided into two parts , the junior high school and the senior high school . That is the new classroom building for our senior high school .
Yes , I like collecting things .
Fruit juice , milk or mineral water ?
sure . You can buy almost anything you can think of .
I haven't yet . I just keep hoping it's just a phase he's going through .
I have tickets to The Phantom of the Opera on Friday night . Would you like to go ?
Wow ! Isn ' t that dangerous ?
No problem at all .
Sure , I'd love to . Thank you .
Why , that's very kind of you , Mrs . Johnson . I'm sure my wife will be glad to .
Yes , we're all proud of her !
It's about their great love .
What ? Why ? I mean , we ' Ve had our ups and downs , and we have the occasional disagreement , but we ' re happy together , aren ' t we ?
Don't worry about it , but thank you very much .
What dates are you planning on taking off ? I ' ll need at least two months notice , so that I can plan for your absence .
It's delicious .
Are you hungry ?
do me a favor , and take a taxi . It'd make me feel a lot better .
She's doing great , she's getting her confidence back , and her self-esteem , has improved drastically . She ' s very happy .
Of course , he was our monitor in college . How is him now ?
You have to pay the excess luggage charge , please .
yeah , as long as I have a computer and internet access , I can start working . I recently enjoy working in my own place and at my own pace .
No , I haven ' t got any plans .
We might have cancellations . Could you call us again some other day ?
Have you ever been involved in the auditing work ?
Let me see ... it's $ 50 .
I haven ' t been able to get a good night ' s sleep lately . I ' m exhausted !
How about 50 yuan ?
All right , see you .
Yes , I have . But I have to wait .
Excuse me , Mr . , Macmillan ? Could you tell me the fax number for Mr . Winthrop ' s office , please ?
No problem , sir . We'll manage it .
Don ' t be so sure . We may not go anywhere . My wife always worries too much . Who ' s going to look after the dog ? Who ' s going to look after the house ? Who ' s going to look after the garden ? We have t
I don ' t like it . It takes up too much time and I really hate having to clean up after the meal . I can ' t stand doing the washing up , drying up , and putting all the dishes and cutlery away .
Just a moment . Let me find out . Our manager Wil be here in a minute . So will you speak to him ?
No , not at the moment .
what do you think of studying abroad ?
How about your other siblings ? Do they spend a lot of time with your parents ?
We're all familiar with natural disasters . but we still feel weak when we face Wenchman earthquake .
I will take the Aspirin then . And have you a small first-aid kit ?
It's my favorite .
Isn't there an earlier one ?
Wow , like America . It receives a great number of visitors every year .
I wonder why TV programs often show much violence .
Faulty products ?
Yes , but it takes a long time to learn . You would spend a thousand dollars to learn it on a rental windsurfer .
What for ? Oh , I see , you mean next year our company will expand business to the South Korea market .
I don't really feel too well yet .
I bought it yesterday afternoon and they delivered it this morning at 10:45 .
All right , Alice . But this is the last time . I also have a lot of work to do .
I know . It'd be great if we could transfer him to a department where he doesn't have to work with people .
I don't like feature films . I think sometimes it loses contact with reality . I like to see some documentary films . What kind of feature films do you like best ?
You ' re right . But smaller political and pressure groups can often influence large political parties . Any member of parliament can propose legislation and parties and pressure groups can raise awareness
I am an accountant at a company .
Yes . When you have decided exactly what you want and have a purchase price we can begin to process the loan . As long as you provide the proper documentation , of course .
Well , I can help you pack . We should start looking for a new place for you ASAP .
Hmm . Do women usually work after they get married ?
Here's my credit card .
I guess you're right .
Tomb Sweeping Day ? What is it ?
How long did you have in mind ?
I'm inviting my friends from work , you , my sister , and a few friends from school .
Good evening . Would you please offer a table far from the entrance for us ?
No , everthing . Those things for sure , but also labor problems , raw materials , new subcontractors , mergers , in short , anything and everything . So I can make a fully informed decision .
In that case , here's my VISA .
We'll reach the Beijing hotel in another ten minutes . When we arrived there , you can go up and have a rest . The hotel has very good service , and it's considered as one of the best hotels here .
I think that place is Lourdes . There are many stories of people being healed after visiting there .
Oh ? What are you worried about ?
Would you like anything for your stomach ?
Ok , I ' ll take it .
Every teacher likes him .
How many potatoes do you need ?
Yes , it's very good . We suddenly have twice as much money to spend here . Our hotel is now half as expensive as when we got here ! Isn't that strange ?
Honey , cross my heart , I'v never looked at another woman since the first day I set my eyes on you ! Believe me , that's the truth .
I usually go on holiday during the spring or the autumn . I try to go somewhere where the weather is more reliable than in my city .
Yes , we're interested in seeing the rooms for rent .
Never underestimate a woman when it comes to bargaining !
It ' s a small world , isn ' t it ?
OH , dear . What ' s your last name , please ?
Nothing works with my toothache now .
Don't you have any hobbies , like stamp collecting or things like that ?
Really ? What's he been doing ?
no thanks . Western women usually try to make their skin darker , no lighter .
You like it , huh ?
Oh , then when do you celebrate Easter ?
I booked a room here .
That's true , and we have been on this bus for a while .
I think the Inspection Bureau at your end , when effecting inspection , only selected a few package at random these happened to be up to the standard . The part that was not dried properly , most probably , escaped their attention . As the amount in question is only 20 % of the whole shipment , I think it is only reasonable that you should compensate us for the loss .
Sons doesn't offer a lot of organic foods .
Which spices are you going to add to the meat ?
When are you going to tell her that Santa Claus doesn't exist ?
If you go out recently you will find some people riding scooters in high streets and back lanes .
That is really convenient . Especially now that fuel prices are so high ! What ' s under the hood ?
Mom , happy Mother's Day ! A necklace for you .
Yes . Sometimes the fault is very small ; if you have a needle and thread , you can fix it yourself . So it's a good deal to buy it .
You're welcome .
I have a feeling that we're not supposed to be in here .
How does 7:30 sound ?
Oh . That dress doesn't exactly match the job .
OK . Now what ?
You should emphasize fresh fruits and vegetables , along with whole grains and protein .
No problem . How would you like to pay ?
What size do you wear ?
How Ay people will be there at dinner ?
You got lost . You're kidding !
Sure . Do you need anything else ?
I really want to paint the walls right away and get the carpet cleaned .
Hello , I called earlier regarding interest rates on loans . Sorry , I just have a couple more questions .
Nandu . Nandu , how do you spell you name ?
Good evening . We've a reservation for a table for four . My name is Tim .
I am kind of nervous .
Yes . And you're Paul , right ? Paul Hill ?
I'd like that . Alright , put on this apron first .
Well , you can simply tell them you want to sleep , or make an agreement for a time when the room should quiet down .
First of all , the agenda should be prepared before the meeting . Then you should ensure that those entitled to be present are properly informed .
Yeah . Last time I saw you , it was like 2 years ago .
You are in luck , we have one free .
Of course I can . It's a piece of cake ! Believe it or not , I can do 30 push-ups a minute .
Don't you think it's too bloody ?
How do you get through the stuffy daytime ?
How about your sideburns ?
Of course not , but sometimes the results make you think about yourself and what you do . According to the jealousy test , I ' m quite a jealous type of person . Perhaps I need to control my jealousy .
We need to get it fixed soon .
Certainly . I'll be glad to .
Yeah , more and more cars . People should try to take public transportation .
Why did you leave your last position ?
Let me just park my car in a better position . Alright , miss . Where ' s the luggage ?
This is room 1425 . We asked for the room service an hour ago .
That's Anna for you . She keeps up the image of the stylish Italian woman . Here she comes .
Yes , I have worked for four years with a Canadian Company .
Here we are , Ryan ! This is where we're going to celebrate !
She told me she liked my new haircut . She thought it was cool .
Tell me , Lisa , what made you decide to be an English major ?
I just heard through the grapevine something about you landing a job with some travel agency down town . You can still fill me in on tile details .
I wonder how Sarah and Mat are .
It ' s hard to commute a long way .
Ten . How did your game go ?
I ' m interested in your hardware . I ' Ve seen the exhibits and studied your catalogues . I think some of the items will find a ready market in Canada . Here is a list of my requirements , for which I ' d like to have your lowest quotations , C . I . F . Vancouver .
No upgrade of any kind . And where might you be going ?
By the way , what should I do with the key when I go out ?
Not at all , I was totally in the dark .
I like it very much . My name has became part of me . I don ' t want to change it .
All right . I ' ll do it for you by then . Anything else ?
I was looking at this Kenmore refrigerator .
Could you come back later ? We're right in the middle of dinner .
Wow , that sounds pretty safe . So how do you pay ? Do you need a credit card ?
Oh , and here are your glasses . They were next to your cell phone .
It smells sweet . Mom and May are gonna love it . Get them for dinner , Daniel !
Nothing special .
Of course not . You need a good rest .
These shoes are great ! What is the price of this ?
We're glad to be able to offer our services to your business , Mrs . Wayne .
But the last two days were a weekend .
Have you found a suitable job ?
Good morning , I'd like to open a savings account . Can you tell me on how to go about it ?
It will begin at three o'cock . What's the time now ?
Whoa , look at all those ice cream choices !
I prefer the food at Whole Foods .
Well , you'll see . With this new watch , I can go anywhere , do anything .
Could be .
Well , getting a Doctorate degree would mean close to a decade of school . Can you afford that ? Can you survive that ?
Can I choose the home inspector ?
Lily ! Why aren't you up and ready for school ?
I wanted to , but I knew that if I spoke to her , I'd just blow up at her , so I decided to just go home . I called her later that the night , but she didn't answer the phone .
What do you think are the qualities a nurse should have ?
Well , You'd better get some more warm clothes .
Where is that at ?
Oh , so bad . I'm afraid I'll change the image of myself .
Yes , I joined the CPC when I was a freshman
We offer many different payment plans . Would you be looking at long-term or short-term ? Are you looking at a 10 - year repayment plan ?
As in English , Chinese also has some lucky numbers . The number 9 stands for perpetuity in Chinese .
I can see that . Then what is your favorite coffee ?
Yes , I remembered to bring my ticket with me today .
Have you ever shopped at Whole Foods market ?
I feel terrible now .
There's quite a large difference . I mean , if you were to use demand deposit we could give you 0 . 13 % interest , but for a time deposit , of say , 1 year we would offer 0 . 82 % .
Maybe I want an apple pie .
Sounds not so easy to me . When that happens , I will be too old to learn .
Hi , my name is Pete . You are Ann . Isn't that right ?
Some people find a limo to be much more comfortable than a taxi .
Grades are important , but don't you think that gaining the knowledge is important , too ?
All right . You can use the computer over there , enter ' tropical fish'under subject . If you know the title of the book , enter it under ' title '
He said I ' d got the flu .
I miss my parents .
How's that .
What account would you like to take this money from ?
Yeah , go ahead , forks , spoons and knives . I roasted some meat so be sure to put out some steak knives as well .
What kind of soup would you like ?
I was just robbed !
Yes . I'm looking for a guide .
What kind of people would you like to work with ?
You should ! This thrift shop is really cheap , though , you have to pay cash here .
John .
Now does everyone understand the diagram on the board ?
Good morning , may I help you ?
And you know , how those express trains create suction .
Take a look at this dress . Don't you think it's perfect for you , ma'am ? Uh , where are you going , ma'am ? Ma'am ?
We had some shoes like those a month ago , but we don't have any now .
We always sell the best . You can believe us at this point .
Both a Telegraphic Transfer and a SWIFT transfer will normally be credited to the payee's account within three or four working days , depending on whether the beneficiary's bank is among our correspondent banks or we have to route the transfer through a third bank .
It was three all .
Oh , hey ...
Some people aren't very considerate .
My rear bumper is messed up .
Did you stay up late last night ?
Have you always been on this site ?
We need your detail explanation .
Ok then , let ' s get the chicken feet .
Thanks a lot .
I hope so . Then I ' ll be the happiest person in our office too !
Oh , that will be uncomfortable for them .
Still , there will be bank charges in connection with the credit . It would help me greatly if you would accept D / A or D / P . You can draw on me just as if there were a letter of credit . It makes no great difference to you , but it does to me .
Mom , I want to get a motorcycle . Is that all right with you ?
Jim likes to travel around the world . That ' s expensive ! So he tries to make a lot of money .
My wallet and my cell phone .
Oh , that's no problem .
don't forget to keep the seat belt on .
No kidding . We've got to come up with two completely different sales pitches to suit the needs of each groups .
You've got it , sir .
In college . But I don't dance very often . What's your favourite dance ?
Yeah , let's go Joe's Disco .
Speaking . What's up ?
I ride my bike . I don't live too far away , so it's pretty convenient . it's only about a ten minute bike ride from my house to the office .
Oh , lovely . Where ' s the wedding going to be ?
if you got to class by riding a bicycle every day instead of driving , you will get lots of exercise , too !
Yes . I was . But I didn ' t have enough time to devote to it .
The daily rate is $ 22 per mile .
Don ' t forget to also get a new mixer . I lent the old one to my brother and he broke it .
Pretty well , thanks . Still feeling the effects of jet lag a bit , but last night I got at lease six hours of rest .
Are the reports favorable ?
Hey , Ken ... I need to talk to you .
Waiter , the dish is cold to eat . Could you please heat it up for me ?
I am sorry , sir . Can you tell me your room number ?
I'm going to stay at home .
Did you get caught in the bad storm ?
What's wrong , Bob ?
Do you want some dessert ?
These are specially designed for the year 2000 !
Ah , you're just too emotional .
Hmm , let me see ... Boil some water .
Do you have all types of seafood here ?
We are not interested in small orders . I suggest you order at least 2 000 dozen .
OK . I'll be free from nine to eleven . I'll be there waiting for you .
What's your ideal boss ?
What was he doing ?
Yeah . But I have an appointment with Ann .
Jenny , are you having fun here ?
you've been promoted ? when did that happen ?
Thank you for your encouragement .
You have to maintain a balance of $ 10,000 in the account or the rate drops to 3 % .
Is there any minimum for the first deposit ?
Then one hundred U . S . dollars covers everything , doesn't it ?
She's Betty . She ' s Mr Goldman's niece .
Certainly . ( Take a table-cloth to her )
I want to take them to court for arresting me .
Excuse me !
How was your appetite ?
At 7 , please .
We'd better leave him alone .
But we registered at Macy's . People can just buy gifts there .
Hi , I'm looking into your loans and I'm a little confused about the interest rates . Could you give me some advice ?
Vanilla with toppings is my favorite .
There are thirteen of them . Oh , have another . Have a third , if you like , have them all .
You are booked , Ms . Green .
The regulations state that the interest is paid at the rate of a Current Deposit , so unfortunately you will lose some interest .
Aha , Fitness Consultant . Very good , Don't you know about the rules in this office ?
Oh , that ' s all right . It ' s very kind of you . Can I come around now ?
As suppose you reback at 10
How would you like your Bourbon , straight or on the rock ?
It is 150 dollars each .
Shakespeare was born in 1867 .
Yes , it's a very well-known kind of spirits in Mexico . People drink it with salt and lemon .
Zhuhai .
Are you homesick ?
And what did you do ? Did you play cards , too ?
I'll see you in Sterlet , then .
Well ... the beer sounds good !
Will you lose all your files ?
I'm here to ask about a loan .
Fine ! By the way would you mind not slurping your coffee every time you have a cup !
My dad was , but not my mom .
Yes . Maybe you should do it too . You may not get enough vitamins from your food , you know .
I am sorry . There is a speed limit .
Well , it is hard to find a parking place in the city . Besides , parking is quite expensive in the downtown .
If these problems are not addressed immediately , I will be contacting the health department this Friday and you will not get a rent check .
I'm going to paint the house today .
Yes . Please give him some water .
Yes , I like the fish cooked in sweet and sour sauce best . Try some beef , please .
Are there any interesting articles in today ' s newspapers ?
But our younger sister is the apple of her eye .
Half past six ... and it's half past six already .
No . I have nothing .
Well , it's snowing . Let's enjoy the plum blossoms when snowing .
Yeah . The autumn is marvelous here .
we were planning on walking both ways since the weather is still nice .
Next time , it's on me .
I don't feel like breakfast . I don't feel like anything . Why are we so unlucky ? It's as if there were a jinx on us .
you said it . You know , they fall in love at first sight and quickly jumped into marriage .
how much do they cost ?
Yes . It is Everest , also called Zhumulangma in China . It is 8,844 . 43 meters above the sea level .
But I need it back .
Hello , this is the property manager . How may I help you ?
So his two daughters are my cousins ?
How much do you want to spend ?
Don ' t do this ! Don ' t do that ! You mustn ' t do this ! You can ' t do that !
I see . Why do people come all the way here to pick apples by themselves and take them home ? Isn't it easier for them to buy the apples in the supermarket ?
That's very nice of you .
I watched Buddha buyer go up to $ 315 . I waited until the very last minute and then I jumped in at $ 325 ! I sniped him !
Oh , hi !
Hello , Mr Mayhew . How are you today ?
Morning , Tom ! What are you doing over there ? Learning to dance ?
Get in slowly , sweetie . You'll get used to it . I'm gonna go and make you some chicken soup .
Why not ! Before you know it , I'll be heading off to the mountains to stand on my head !
Christmas Day is coming . I want to buy several postcards to send to my family and friends . Can you recommend me some ?
Let me see . Ah , yes , I've been to England , France , Germany , Italy and now I've been in Spain
Here you are . You must return them within a month .
Two thousand would be fine .
Would you sit here , please ? How would you like it cut ?
Yes . I think it's time to move on . I ' Ve already been here too long .
I don't think so . I know I've put on weight this winter .
I transferred from PCC .
I like Chinese food .
Gold ones .
Where is my favorite white bread ? Is it in refrigerator ?
The cops arrested him before he could even make it out the door .
But those fashionable and shiny clothes should be avoided .
Which cup ?
Really ? I didn ' t think they were known for their luxury chocolate production ...
If you are hired , you are in charge of the design of toys that can meet the needs of the American market .
That leak is going to raise my water bill .
Do you think you could finish it in three days ?
nothing but bench of commercials . These days the amount of commercials is amazing .
Can I give her a message for you ?
I want a two-bedroom apartment .
I'll come to that . My proposal is
There are a total of one hundred and sixty parking spaces on the second and third floor , in which twelve are for visitors and the rest are for residents .
It's a curio cabinet . The only thing is I don't even own those kinds of little keepsakes .
Classical music is supposed to be good for you brain . Research suggest that it makes your brain more active . Students who listen to classical music while studying perform better .
I ' Ve been getting really short of breath , and my coach wanted to have a doctor check me out .
Our restaurant is famous for its seafood .
I'm afraid we can't go as high as that . You know we usually don't give any discount . but considering the newly established business relationship between us , I could give you 3 % off the list price .
About 20 to 30 minutes .
I don't know . I'll have to ask my host mom .
No . it ' s unfurnished . It has a kitchen , but no oven . There ' s a garden in the back , but the tenants can ' t use it . The landlord lives downstairs . Friends are forbidden in the apartment after midnight . No noise and no television after 11
I don't need it to play the guitar .
our company is going to do some cutbacks soon .
Then what ? Your plane was three hours late !
I think I'm getting a heart stroke .
I can ' t possibly travel on a hard seat for 10 hours !
It is the symbol of laughing at hoar frost and fighting with snow . I admire the bravery of plum blossoms .
When do you usually require the new employee to start ?
This is Paula Blake , Mr . Simmons . How can I help you ?
Yes , I'd like to get some gas .
I work in a cubicle too , but I don't mind it .
Perfect . Couldn't be better .
I still think that they only got married to get more publicity for their movies and themselves .
That's alright . Here you are .
Not so long , just one hour .
Hah hah ! You have to go before me .
Is Tom here ?
It's in the International Trade Zone . It's only ten minutes'walk from the nearest subway station .
Julie , is that you ?
What ' s up ?
Yes , I don't feel well today .
What is your nationality ?
What's it made of , could you tell me ?
Then you can buy Aspirin .
Actually , I had a perfect plan for this afternoon , but it is totally ruined by the sand storm . I woke up this morning and found it was sunny . So I called Lucy and asked her to go shopping with me . We were going to look for a new purse . Now it turned out to be like this . Neither of us wants to go to outside anymore .
Really ? That sounds interesting !
alright . Hmm , this movie is a rerun ... I don't know how many times I've seen this show ... Commercial again ... and a replay of the talk show ... oh no , this show is terrible , you don't wanna watch it .
Across the courtyard on the right is the office . Follow the signs to the correct line . Is that clear ?
Yes . I urgently need a room for tomorrow night , and do you have any vacancies ?
I enjoy the various characters and the plot .
I don't know what kind of sandwich I want .
I should've just stayed on the bus .
Did you get a good look at the suspect ?
that's funny , I didn't know a big fellow like you could be so soft and timid on the inside .
welcome back ! How was your vacation ?
I think I'll take fried fish , because fish is one of my favorites .
You are right . Do you have a pen ?
And about time too !
Great , Is it convenient if i visit you this weekend ?
Repairman . May I come in ?
It's about 14 hours . We are supposed to land there at 19:00 .
Wow , that looks beautiful .
Yes , it's my steak .
What if there is no chance ? I mean what if you don't have a partner , what will you do ?
What kind of considerations are we talking about ?
I can't stand the loud noise in the city .
I want a doggy bag , waiter .
Well spotted ! I actually had it cleaned twice , because it was so dirty . The rug is new . You remember my trip to china ? Well , I bought is there .
Yes . Which kind of salad dressing would you prefer ?
Well you can ' t just take the money . You have to ask the bank for money . And I ' m the banker .
You are right . What about shoes ?
Excuse me . Is this seat taken ?
Well I wish you luck .
Hello , Lucy , I heard you did a good deal in interview .
Which train do you want ?
Oh . Thanks a million .
No problem , just go ask .
It has become more time saving .
My child is often absent-minded in class .
Hi . You said that you might need some help with preparing dinner . What would you like me to do ?
Bill , how can you hear so happy today ?
Now that I think of it , three days is better than seven .
Well , it costs an arm and a leg -- 30 yuan per person . What a costly sport ! That is why I have to refrain from even thinking about it . And I find jogging a very agreeable substitute .
Where did you have it done ?
that's really convenient . Does it have the Bluetooth ?
Excuse me . Could you slow down a little ? I couldn't catch you .
I can type 120 words a minute and I take shorthand at 80 words a minute .
Can I sit down now ?
How late do you try to go to sleep ?
So , are we all behind this new project ?
Single please .
I see what you mean . He ' s really cute . How old is he ?
Oh , that's too bad .
Just take it easy . Come on with me .
One thing you can be sure of your manager will be quite fair . If your job performance is up to par , you shouldn't be afraid of a performance review ,
Listen to me . You go home now . I will call my doctor and have him go over . Ok ?
Thank you . Can I get you some coffee or a cup of tea ?
That must be very beautiful .
What do you want to eat ?
I see .
Cindy ! Are you getting take-out ?
Maybe this is God's will .
Well , could I have coffee instead of orange juice ?
This is Mrs Wang , from Jane coper .
I see . Is there a bus I can take ?
Have you ever had any trauma ?
Hi , sir . My name is Michelle . Could you tell me when you need the room ?
No , sir . It's a genuine bonnet .
You ' ll be supervising six brokers who manage a combined total of 310 accounts .
Sure , we provide semi-annual bonus , a small bonus at Spring Festival , four weeks paid vacation a year .
Forget about him . Come over to my house tonight . Let's get drunk .
I am really thirsty .
It is impossible . You cheated on me .
Will you be paying with cash or check ?
Yes , it was just when I was walking in the park . I saw some children with a newspaper .
Excuse me , professor . I need to go home now .
My room number is 1010 and the name is Ted Black .
Take good care of yourself .
For members , there is a small transaction charge , but it ' s only 5 dollars per transaction . Any particular denomination ?
Ok , good luck . See you
Good idea . I will take the racket .
I had spaghetti with clam sauce for lunch .
We really have some movable weather sometime . I wish I would live somewhere which were sunning all year round .
Not a problem . But may I just inform you that we have introduced a new service called Account Renewing upon Maturity ?
I ' Ve looked everywhere for it . I must have left it somewhere . I hope I haven ' t lost it .
Thanks for your belief .
I'm not being nosey , it's just a question .
That is one of reasons why I am here now . I am really willing to have some cooperation with your company .
Where were you ?
Hey ! What is this ?
Forget it ! That's what friends are for ! Besides , I have a VIP card for a discount .
Yes . Our price can't be matched .
Actually , I prefer to eat at home , and then we'll have more time to have a chat .
Hello , Pratt . How was your interview yesterday ?
The ad says the rent would be 840 dollars per month . Is it true ?
Yes . I have some many clothes stuffed into it . Perhaps I should get rid of some of them . There are clothes in there that I never wear anymore .
Yeah . Maybe I can find my favorite car in addition to Honda .
Yes , there is beautiful view . You can go fishing , camping and also enjoy this beautiful clean air .
My dad is going to be here in a minute to help me go through this with you .
Ok . Where shall I pay duty for it ?
Air mail or surface mail ?
I was wondering if this is where the Resume Writing Workshop is being held .
Just goes to show that you should buy companies , not ideas .
Could you point me in the direction of the bank ? I ' Ve lost my way .
have you checked your voicemail recently ?
Here you are . What is the rate ?
Thanks for the sweet words .
I think I might go and find me my own pair of Chucks .
You know what ? You won't get a rush from it until you fully understand it . It is a simple sport and doesn't require skills of any sort . This leaves room for me to enjoy the beautiful suburban scenery while jogging . Fresh air caresses my face and blows into my chest , which translates into inspirations . Inspirations are really good stuff for a writer like me . Sometimes , I even come up with a verse or two .
Thank you very much . This is for your help .
I'd like some info about your Payroll Services , please .
What ? Why ? I mean ... just like that ? I ' m fired ?
You look pale , you must have poor health .
We may go abroad , my wife wants to go to Egypt , and I'd like to go there too . We haven't made up our mind yet .
Can you tell me how it is done ?
Anyone home ? Jen !
How can it be ? We are a tough team as well .
Not much better . Thank you .
Are you going grocery shopping today ?
I have fewer hobbies than yours . That's why I find campus life a bit dull and uninteresting .
In about one month .
Hi , how are you doing ?
No , but I'm sure I'll get better soon .
I ' Ve decided to grow my own garden !
No , nothing . Why ?
I ' m in the market for a job ! I went on a website with hundreds of job listings in the area and browsed through them until I got the names of a few employers I would like to work for . I have the resume I wrote for English class last month and a cover letter will be a piece of cake to write . I ' Ve even done my research and found the names of the managers so I can address the letters personally . And you know I can be charming in interviews . Goodbye my penniless days ! Hello salary and a career !
I know , I know . But someone took offence .
You should know about the oil crisis .
Do you need anything from me ?
Taxi .
Is this seat taken ?
Yeah . She married him at her mother's bidding .
No problem , Madam . Should I check the air in the spare tyre as well ?
Hi , Paul . I haven't seen you for a long time .
Don't worry . You'll do fine .
How many cigarettes do you smoke a day ?
There ' s a leaking faucet in the sink .
Hello , this is Wang Lu and I am calling to confirm my reservation .
Larry drives a truck . He drives all over the country . We hardly ever seen him .
Why not , sir ?
Tristan , could you stay a few extra minutes to discuss your project with me ?
What education background do the employees usually have ?
Your company has a very good reputation , and I am very interested in the field your company is in .
I jumped the gun .
Please , I wish you would .
I know . It is a lot of money and I haven't gotten to know any of the people celebrating their birthdays well enough yet . At our old department , it was only three dollars for each birthday and there were only ten of us .
Come on , dear . I know you mustn ' t forget it .
Those bushes are covering the stop sign .
Rockefeller Center . Can you get the taxi here immediately , please ?
Yeah , he tackled him so hard his helmet came off .
How much are you asking ?
Do you ever ask you bank for traveller ' s cheques ? They are much safer than carrying lots of cash around .
Our softball team is in the finals ! We ' re playing the McGrath office on Saturday .
Just relax , listen carefully to the questions , and be honest in your responses .
Will you buy a ham sandwich for me at the store ?
Not bad . But I've made too many flights these days . I could hardly remember how many take offs and landings I've been through these three days . I think we all feel a bit tired .
I don't know . Where did you leave it ?
Yes . Please come this way .
this is tough to say , Jordan , but I think we should break up .
Good , I'm leaving my room in about one minute .
Apparently forced entry . The lock is battered to pieces .
Just a minute please .
Where are you going to ?
Of course . I think there are a few in that box .
No problem . We will offer you a room with one bedroom and a kitchen ..
Not quite good . It's windy and dry . We have got continental climate there . It's dry all the year round . Usually autumn is the best season of the year In New York .
I think you've got a real bargain .
OK , your name and telephone number please .
Yes , of course . Can I make a reservation for you ?
Do you have any stomachache ?
hi . I ' m feeling very nervous . I just had a test and I ' m not sure how well or how badly I did .
Waiter , come back again .
OK , we will . What's your name and address ?
You're kidding ! You've always hated cooking !
I like fish . Please bring me an order of that .
That ' s my brother !
I think you are flicking through it .
That ' s the impression I get from the movies , and from looking around . Men and women seem very business-like in their relations with each other .
Hello , Barneys Garage .
Hi , my name is Lean , and I'm from Russia .
Fantastic ! how was that ?
The Award Letter will inform you as to how much you will receive .
I am fine . I am going swimming this afternoon . Are you coming with me ?
I just got laid off . The awful business , you know .
I heard that you are famous for your drinks . What are your specials ?
How does $ 850 a month sound to you ?
Sorry . I think that's the cheapest
Easier said than done .
By the way , have you double checked your flight time ?
Man , this guy was so funny when he was teaching . I like that , don't you ?
I ' m from Channel 5 News .
Have you started cleaning up your room yet ?
I wonder if we can change to Channel 5 .
I find the Chinese dishes wonderful .
That's it . She likes dogs so much now , and I begin to love dogs .
I guess I should have told you .
Though everything may be as you say , there are many factors involved . What's more , your surveyors have not mentioned any cause for the damage .
Are there any disadvantages about it ?
Is Diana in ?
I've got three guests today . We'd like a table next to the window .
Yes , he ' s a millionaire in Houston now .
The exhibits are really special . I enjoy the paintings very much .
This sheet tells the visiting hours and funeral time and location .
How long does it take to earn a Bachelor's degree ?
I got one the other day .
oh , what is it ?
Yes , our employees are allowed to take up 2 days a month to attend college courses .
Do you charge for checking it out ?
That's a very popular way to pay nowadays , totally hassle free !
I want to take part in the bus tour . When does the bus leave ?
since the May holiday is the high season , you should probably call ahead to reserve a room . Here ' s the phone number .
He still doesn ' t know that Santa isn ' t real ? How old is he , eight ?
And later ?
Is the library open on Saturdays ?
What would you be doing in U . S . A ?
You just don't get it . Looking for bargains can be really interesting .
can you play a musical instrument ? If you can , he might ask you to join the band .
I ' m sold ! I want to book this trip . I don ' t care what it costs ! Money is no object !
I work very hard and that's it , you know , practice makes perfect .
Do you think the school can put us in the same homeroom ?
Not yet ... I got an MP3 player and a set of stereo headphones .
Fine , they are colorful and tasty .
Northward Airways , good morning . May I help you ?
What's so great about it ?
there's an opening in the creative design department . It involves working with computers .
You just ran a red light .
I just saw her down the street . I don ' t know where she is .
Good morning . I want to buy a lipstick for my wife because it is her birthday today .
Thank you , I will . Hope to see you again next year .
Well , if I were you , I'd go to see the doctor . That might help . And you'd better stay in bed today instead of going to work .
You just have to build up a tolerance . I used to be like that . But your body gets used to it .
How long have you been the owner of your computer shop ?
Yes , especially in spring .
Yes , it ' s a small world . We never know where we ' ll meet someone we know .
If I do try to do anything , I ' d only be sent off with a flea in my ear .
Rock'n'Roll , I guess .
You're here today to argue your ticket ?
Yes , maybe . If you're Darren McDowell , you should probably check .
Wow ! What else does it do ?
No , you mustn't sit on the grass . Don ' t you see the notes ?
Fantastic ! Is there a charge ?
I see . I believe there will be lots of foreigners coming to Beijing to watch the Games .
I'm having a party tonight at my apartment . You should come .
Well , to be frank , yes , I do .
Sir , you don't have to pay right now . Just sign here and we will charge it to your account .
we did , but since she started her new job , all she does is hang out with her new friends from work .
Good gracious ! Are you sure ?
I visited the famous variety show host , Dennis .
How much is the hat ?
I think it is amazing . You can enjoy both the traditional Chinese culture as well as the vitality of a modern cosmopolitan city . The only thing I didn't enjoy was the subway .
Oh , sorry . But do you want to change it for another one ?
Yes , I will . But how much is it ?
I thought I would feel like I was in the lap of Luxury .
I ' m sorry .
Say , 6 months ? Or less in fact . I want to repay the loan ASAP ; I don't like debt hanging over my head .
That does depend on where you plan to travel . If you are planning to travel to Hong Kong or Macao we can exchange up to 1,000 USD for you . If your destination is elsewhere , we can exchange up to 2,000 USD .
It is proposed that from now on , employees will be given 10 paid sick days , in addition to their 2 week vacation periods . They will also be encouraged to maintain proper physical health with a company sponsored aerobics class on Friday nights . We have also consulted with the human resource department and have hired a new liaison between management and employees . Let ' s all welcome Ms . Michelle Cain to our team as our company ' s ombudsman .
Bob is in advertising .
Is this your new teacher ?
I really like it here so far .
Is Tom in ?
I just put it on the chair a while ago , but now it's gone .
The Federal Food and Drug Administration , or the FDA as we call it for short , imposes a whole set of regulations on the import of food products to the United States . Over the years , they have become so rigid and complicated that they are now quite a head - ache for us importers .
Can you tell me the price for a bus pass ?
It's Mrs Bardot , isn't it ?
For more than five years .
What does this word mean ?
No thanks .
Hi , how is it going ?
Retirement age is still 65 , but I think more and more people are retiring earlier , I think Bob's in upper fifties already , he just looks pretty young .
Really ? It is a weekly , isn't it ?
Hello , I've got to get up early tomorrow , so please give me a wake-up call .
What kind do you like ?
Oh , I am sorry . I misunderstood . Well , in that case , the contract can be canceled with a 2 month's notice . What do you say ?
Fine . Thank you so much .
Ask John . He is sure to know about it .
Tomorrow afternoon will be fine .
87 cents .
The house has a very outdated electrical system . Many of the switches and outlets do not work and are unsafe .
Well , you will get there in about half an hour if the traffic isn't too heavy .
Voting is simple .
Sounds good . What about shampoo ? I would like to buy the product that prevents scurf .
Han .
Oh , do you enjoy it ?
I think it's dangerous . What if I can't turn it off ?
That ' s not my problem .
I didn't know that .
You're right . All the entertainment web sites follow Stars . com .
I washed my car instead .
That sounds perfect for us .
He's going too slow .
I love fruit flavored ices the best .
I am sorry to hear that .
It was a big , green thing that looked like a person . It was in the kitchen , and it slowly moved towards the stairs ...
Yes . What kept you from arriving on time ?
I ' m hoping you can sort a few things out for me . Could you pull up my account ?
I know the perfect place !
Oh . Take it easy . As I ' Ve said in the interview , once you are employed , we ' ll give you a probation period of three months . And now we need to sign a draft agreement for the probation period .
Do you buy that newspaper every day ?
The maximum maturity period is a year , but it also cannot exceed the maturity on the certificates used as collateral .
Not at all !
I'll look forward to it and make sure all of the paperwork is ready and waiting .
No , we don ' t . We wish we had one . That ' s the only thing we wanted , but don ' t have . The area is very nice and the neighbours seem friendly .
You need to pay these fees soon .
Thanks , Professor . I've got it covered !
Once , when I was a child .
It's too high . I can't reach it . Could you help me ?
Do you need help with something ?
I don't think I can afford that .
You mustn't pick it in this place .
What is your room number and your name , please ?
What are you doing for it ?
Olympus .
That's okay . I can explain a little .
Yes , sure . Also , I ' d like a non-smoking room please .
The macadamia cake was out-of-this-world !
that ' s correct .
And now we have a two-year-old boy . We ' re very happy that he ' s healthy and smart .
It sounds reasonable . The clause should be like this - any disputes arising from the execution of this contract shall be settled in a friendly way . If no settlement can be reached through consul - nation and conciliation , the disputes shall be submitted for arbitration by a mutually nominated arbitrator . The arbitrator's decision on the dispute is final and binding on the both parties .
Jenny , you look terrible . What's eating you ?
Would you like to talk over a drink ?
Room 103 .
Good afternoon , ma'am . Can I help you find anything ?
Joanna , I will go to the outlet center . You wanna go with me ?
Well , imagine that ! How old are you ?
Very well . You will need some stamps for the postcards and I need to weigh that package , too .
He said that he would probably invest most of it . He ' s got a well-paid job , so he doesn ' t need the money to cover day-to day expenses . He just wants some extra money available for when he retires .
They're of good cotton and the color never fades .
Well , first of all , I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection .
Quite the contrary , sir . Plenty of the spaces here are free when people drive their cars out to work .
What happened today on the freeway ?
Not at all , but you get what you pay for .
Sure . At what time ?
Look ! David gives his following-comment on my first blog . He is my first visitor .
What ?
4 o'clock .
The mirror is behind you , sir .
Not bad , thanks for asking .
Great . She'll be so happy .
You can check out two books at a time . But you can't check out newspapers , magazines and periodicals ; they have to be read within library .
Hi Cody , how did practicing go this week ?
Here you are . Thanks .
OK . I will send them now .
All right , I will start working now .
I like to paint . 
Yes , they accepted your counter-offer , but they want you to pay for the home inspection .
Nearly ten years .
May I know when he will be back ?
How much did she ask for ?
I would enjoy helping with the writing portion .
I am afraid not . We usually design the label ourselves . You know we should be responsible for the brand labels of our goods .
When will I get a raise ?
We've already got in touch with the underwriter . But they have refused to accept any liability . They attributed the accident to the effects of dampness during the long sea voyage .
Aren't you tired ?
Oh , yes , how's it ?
How so ?
That's right . I know it must sound crazy to you , but we believe there will be fewer absences this way .
Yes , they confirm your appointment . Please come in . It is on the 3rd floor , room 3106 . You can take the right elevator as the left on is in maintenance today .
Please tell me exactly what happened .
Definitely . I'm calling to tell you this .
There are student passes .
I'm serious .
I feel life is meaningless without him .
About 20 % of them come from other countries and the others are employed from domestic universities and colleges .
I think so . Could I have you name , telephone number ? If we get one , I will call you .
Do they have it in LARGE .
Good . I have to go right now . I really hope this meeting doesn ' t last too long .
It's too late . If you could get the job , could you start a little earlier ?
Yes , we should go . Thank you very much . Goodbye !
Our waitress has been kind of scarce tonight , hasn't she ?
No problem . Is this the only one ?
Oh , I prefer it loose
Then you must be off your head . He is a real bastard .
And just one more question , would you like to be an interpreter ?
Do I definitely get to collect unemployment ?
Well , I just want to enjoy what I ' m doing it ' s the most important thing to me .
Well , all my friends listen to it , so I became a big fan too .
turbulence is pretty normal , isn't it ?
Do you want to live here ?
I think that I would be a perfect fit in this company . I have a unique combination of strong technical acumen , and outstanding soft skills . you know , I excel at building strong , long-term customer relationships . For example , when I headed the customer support department in my previous company , our team solved about seventy percent of our customers ' problems . I decided that we needed better information and technical preparation on our products , so after I implemented a series of training sessions in coordination with our technical department , we were able to solve ninety percent of our customers ' issues . Given the opportunity , I could bring this kind of success to this company .
Not bad . Okay , now take some meat and potatoes from the fridge .
I want to make another offer , but I am afraid that they will decline and I will lose this house .
Please forgive me , but I have to leave . I feel terrible . but ...
If the injury is workplace related I'm sure it's completely covered .
My chief interest is swimming and climbing with my friends .
I think I am . I left the job only because it was too far from my home .
Salary is based on experience as well as time spent with our company .
You must be lonely . I will share my friends with you .
OK , I'll find the time to relax soon .
Could you tell me something about your English education ?
I think modern painting means nothing .
Ok . Then well bring it over to you tomorrow morning . You'll sign it first , so it will only need my signature . Is that agreeable to you ?
You don't know where you want to look for one ?
But I still get stuck on the different tones . It drives me crazy .
Yep . The steaks and chicken are marinated and I also bought hamburger buns .
What is this big box at the front door ?
That's true . You know , some husbands and wives don't even live in the same city any more .
Great . Send it to me by FedEx tomorrow morning . Or better , call Federal Express for a pick-up . That way I'll get it even earlier .
I'm sorry , but you see , all the tables by the window are small , with up to 4 seats .
Hi , Yang Tang . Come in ! Pretty hot out there , isn't it ? Did you have trouble finding us ? Sit ! Sit !
I need to buy some new clothes for the summer too . Perhaps we can go together one day .
How about playing tennis with me ?
Oh , so you're from South America .
Yeah , I will . See you then !
You should just get the basics .
Yes , would you arrange it for me the day after tomorrow ?
Let's just say I screwed up more than my econ class .
I didn't take my cellphone with me at that time .
as long as you plan carefully , most thing are possible . It ' s always good to have a backup plan in case things go wrong .
That ' s correct . It ' s a murder mystery based on actual murders that book place in florida several years ago . The main character-the police invesigator-is based on the man who investigated the case .
You can count on it .
It's too expensive .
Hi , Li Ming . You look upset . What's the matter ?
My name is Zhuang Lingy . How are you , Miss Kelly ?
Wow , you're not kidding . Hold on a second . Hello , could you give us a hand , please ?
The system crashed when I was surfing on the internet .
So you're going picnicking ?
Where on Grant Street ?
Ah , it is clear enough to send .
Oh , I'm afraid all the flowers will die in the rain .
I know you're right , but what can I do ?
No , we used to be on an industrial estate on the outskirts of York .
It's almost midnight ! We are about to start a brand new year !
I ' Ve ever seen a living being looked so thin .
Yes . A few days ago I have no right to get a driving licence . But now I get it .
Do you sell them individually or by weight ?
We're very sorry to cause you a lot of inconvenience .
Yes . Will you also make copies and file them using both methods ?
What about a cell phone ? She is old enough to have one .
How about this one ? This is 500 yuan and the same kind of material as that one .
What ' s that ? Don ' t tell me you ' Ve still got Christmas cards to write , it usually takes my wife a month to write all of ours .
What kinds of meat are most popular in your country ?
Firstly , we can provide our meeting agenda before he comes . And then on the day when he is coming , we wait for him at the gate of our company's gate .
Do you think that we should include the entire committee in the meeting or just our sub-committee ?
Not enough to worry about . Why do I waste the money buying two papers ?
Thanks . Let me see . I think there's a mistake on the bill here . Would you mind checking , please ?
I'll talk to my husband about it ; I'm sure he'll say yes ! He loves Switzerland !
That's right .
Is it overweight ?
Actually , i popped in them last night .
I think he has realized that . But he is still whistling in the dark by putting up an act .
Our personnel clerk will screen all the resumes that we receive , select the eligible ones and arrange the interview for them .
Our seafood is fresh . I recommend shrimp with garlic .
Lester , you are really fantastic at automobile repair .
We are going to Macau to visit my niece . She said it's better for me to bring US dollars , is that right ?
But how much discount can I get if I use it to buy goods next time ?
So Emily , what do you like to do for fun ?
5,000 yuan a month .
Well , I'll call you immediately for instructions on the matter .
What if he had his friends fake the reviews ?
Yes please . I really am an absolute amateur when it comes to this stuff .
What will you have ?
Good for you , Leslie !
Mom ~ the toothpaste dropped on my shorts .
We keep it and return it later .
Oh , I am very sorry , Hans . Thank you for waiting for me . You must have been here a long time already .
It ' s a story about a policemen who is investigating a series of strange murders . I play the part of the detective . He has to catch the killer , but there ' s very little evidence . It ' s a psychological th
Excuse me , but do you have this T-shirt in size L ?
We have to make sure that the person issued the ticket is the one paying it .
I called in sick .
Can you remember them all ?
Yes . One bedroom is for my wife and I . there ' s another for our daughter . My wife wants to use the third one as a guest room , but I ' d like to make it into a study . Our daughter is also keen on making it a study , so that ' s probably what will happen .
My daughter . She is missing . I don ' t know where she is .
I sure hope so . We've each invited about 10 people .
I'm usually too busy to take a bunch of coffee breaks and gossip by the water cooler . Anyway , I am sure the memo never got to my in-box . I'll have to talk to our secretary about it .
My favorite is to play computer games .
They are the Folk Antique Handicrafts and Collectibles Exhibition Halls .
All information is filled in and now I can design my zone .
Matinee or evening ?
Alright . I'll have another drink .
Proper posture can show your confidence .
Hello , there . You are looking a little confused ; can I help you with something ?
you look pretty upset . Are you ok ?
I'm sorry , I'm very tired . I'm going to bed early . I didn't have good time , and I don't really want to see you again .
Yes , my sister loves his personality .
So , let ' s see , you did your research on the company , right ?
Yes . I'd like an Italian soup to start with and then some fried noodles .
We are going to try the new one that opened up on 17th Street .
How can we know if we are doing OK during the year ?
What would you like to eat ?
Oh , the results have come out , and I can tell you ... Yes , I find your name . You are hired . Congratulations !
It sounds a very depressing film .
I have no idea . Maybe she didn ' t want to let us ... , so ...
My brother has last year's Accord . And his car is a kind of soft purple color mixed with silver . I really like that color . I wonder if I can get that color on my Accord .
You ' re going to need to pay for the damage .
I didn't think about that . That's pretty serious . Are there investigators working on finding out who it was ?
Yes . You must fill up the car yourself .
All right . Say cheese !
Good afternoon . I suppose you are Ms . Monica . My name is Mr . Thomas , the general manager of ABC Company . Here is my business card .
Because I was under a terrible strain . The doctor saidthey weren't very strong . Anyway , I used to feel awful the next morning .
She is 17 . It's for her birthday .
No , it's just perfect .
Stand back from the door , please . Let the passengers off . You can't get on until the other passengers get off .
Yes . I'm leaving tomorrow . I came here just because I want to say good-bye to you .
He just knows either by your excellent performance at work or by the annual review .
Yeah , I'm going to the Temple Fair with my family .
You can discover interviewer's eyes because they can show his thoughts , and can judge whether he is interested in your words by his gesture and mien .
Has it been that long ?
Thank you . I wasn't sure if it looked okay or not .
Well , there is one thing .
That's great . I'd like to go ahead and reserve the room , then , for Friday , December 2 , at around noon . This is a retirement party and we'd like to bring a cake for the guest of honor and some bottles of champagne . Will that be acceptable ?
Medical department ? Are you sure ?
Daniel , I am not tall enough to reach the of the blackboard .
well , that ' s good . If you lose your job , you can just move in with me until you find another job . That will save you plenty of money .
Indeed . I've decided to go for the Petty Consumer Loan . That is , if my credit rating is satisfactory .
Okay . I could go for that . It ' s called Al ' s Steakhouse . They also have great fried fish , and I love their salad bar . You can go back to refill 1 your plate as often as you like .
Yes , that ' s right .
Management is going through a big turnover these days . With Bill's retirement , and department realignment , we have lost about 1/3 of our managerial staff . They've been dropping like flies ...
OK , make a left here . . . no wait , I meant make a right . Come on , speed up !
All right . We'll have some seafood and vegetables .
No , I only sleep a few hours a night .
Thank you . I'm glad that this hotel strives to keep its reputation intact .
Well , can't you make it for two only ?
What kind of dancing do you like ?
I really admire you , Diana .
Really ? What do the companies do that for ?
Everything ' s fine with me .
Hello . Is there a package tour to Beijing ?
I see . I'll do it for you .
Our new President is John McCain .
Hello ? Is this the Maintenance Department ?
That ' s good . What special skills do you have , can you tell me ?
Oh , I've heard about him before . He even created a special dance of sleeve shaking .
That would be the real proof . Didn't we have to show ID to get on the plane ?
So , tell me , Karl , why did you come all the way to Minnesota to live ?
But we need the exact time . What time ?
You are starting to learn English ?
where did you end up going ?
it certainly was a great party . It ' s a pity that a glass and a plate got broken and someone spilled a drink over here .
Okay . Here you go .
Sure , just send me through internal mail .
Hi , this is Ralph Simmons . With whom am I speaking ?
Fabulous . I will get the contract ready shortly .
I am confused . How could a golfer need so many clubs ? Seems to me , 14 altogether , right
International Air Braking Systems .
I'm sorry for spilling my drink on your rug .
Happy birthday , Ann . Many happy returns of the day ! Here is a present for you .
Thank you , but I prefer the fish
But you will miss your good chance . I ' m So sorry
Read it yourself and find out !
Titanic is playing tonight . It's a blockbuster .
It's a new concert hall and the acoustics are great .
Good . I think it's a good idea . Our department should require meetings like this .
Really ? I've already opened this one . Say , this is sweater , and it's just what I need to go with my new suit . Thank you ever so much .
No . But you mustn ' t leave it too long . Did you report it the police ?
Why don't we Chinese have our own Valentine's Day ?
Sure . Have you checked the weather report ?
You should never open a door without looking to see who it is .
The lady at the desk , Shelly I think , told me you offer many other consultancy services .
Good stuff ... Oh , no . The door is locked .
Yes , summer is coming .
Write down your name and address , give me the key , and I will check it out .
250 Yuan .
Mary , we're going to the supermarket . Do you want to come ?
I think our son was trying to pull a fast one on us .
Excellent . How many would you like ?
It's an honor and a privilege to receive a visit from such a distinguished group .
Peter ? This is Steven from China . I've got the document you want .
How would you evaluate the company you are with ?
Uh , yes .
Which department do you want to register with ?
Mine . It's My Heart Will Go On , the theme song of Titanic . Isn't it of strong character ?
You should be happy I want you to look good . If I let you shop for yourself , you would never buy anything .
how do you plan on paying for your living costs and tuition fees while you are here ?
Why do you think so many people have their applications rejected ?
I am not sure . But it'll be at least ten yuan an hour .
Goofed off ? Maybe , but I'm not a clock-watcher . I finished doing what I should do and then knock off an hour earlier .
No , I don't often dance . Isn't this a wonderful party ?
People who are honest , dedicate to their work and have integrity .
Okay well listen , here is my business card with my mobile number . If any other questions spring to mind don ' t hesitate to contact me . Of course you can also call Miss Childs too .
You can fill in this lost property report and I will keep my eye out for it . These kinds of things usually turn up eventually , but I suggest you contact your embassy and tell them about your situation , so they can issue you a new passport in case it doesn't show up .
I thought about going to my sister's . How about you ?
Sorry , but I ' m not really that interested in those things .
His name is Bingo .
When you use the internet , be careful not to give out your email address very often . If you do , you might get a lot of spam-unwanted email form companies trying to sell you things .
Why isn't the project done yet ?
The air would certainly be cleaner if there were fewer cars being used in the city . The problem is that people will see it as reducing their freedom . It well be unpopular .
What a terrible house !
What's the Mountaineering Club doing this weekend ?
Don't you think it is too far ?
Thank you , thank you , thanks again .
OK . thank you . Could you please fill out this form ?
Tall building ... Which side is the building on ?
Here is the catalogue and the price list . You can take a look .
Not much . I'm still living at home and commuting to school . I ended up dropping that metalworking class I was so excited about . It just wasn't as interesting as I'd hoped . The guidance counselor suggested that I focus on my prerequisite courses so that I can make sure the credits count .
Yeah , about .
Yep . And I should start planning now .
So I take it you two are hitting it off ? I know it's very convenient to be in a relationship with your neighbor , but what if you break up ?
Would you like to know about benefits and so forth ?
I'd like to have a berth ticket to Shanghai .
Would you care for a cup of tea before your meal ?
How many elevators are there ?
I think they must have horrible lives . All the paparazzi take photos of them wherever they go and whatever they do . They must get sick of it .
That's a nice round figure to deal with ! OK , if you were to buy this insurance policy , your yearly fixed income from it would be 94 . 35 RIB .
I could help you with buying your books if you meet me there at 1
Is that satisfactory ?
I don ' t know . I think it ' s unfair to make drivers pay more money . They already pay a lot of tax-petrol tax , for example .
You ' re a part of history .
I just started working out .
Oh , no . It was easy . Your office sent me a map .
I am on a diet . Do you have a vegetarian menu ?
There's a pencil in front of the lamp .
Oh , my son looks like a grown-up .
If I want to exercise , I will need to join a gym .
I'm glad you say so , you dance beautifully too . It's lucky that I got a partner .
We've been looking forward to your visit . It is a great pleasure for us to have you as our guest . It is always more convenient to discuss things face to face .
OK . I hope you will be in touch with me shortly .
How would you like them ?
How about some Zongzi ?
You don't think you could be wrong ?
What do you mean by on the whole .
But there is always somebody who wants to turn his back on the true history .
That's great to hear .
All set . And we're having a red bean cake and dim sum for the Taiwanese guests , just like your mom wanted .
Because I am loved by the most beautiful girl in the world !
We pitched a tent in the night , waiting for the sunrise . Wow ! It was too beautiful .
What school do you go to ?
He's always confused by easy questions .
Where did you work in the past ?
What is the matter with him ?
Do you like flowers ?
Well , they had enough harvests for the next winter and celebration .  They decided to have a big feast for the natives , giving thanks the land , and everyone for the foods , healthy and new lives .
So nice to meet you , David . Call me Bill . It's very nice of you to come here .
Don't worry . Our quality is based solely on our sales samples .
I know . Let me think it over .
Good evening , sir . What can I do for you ?
Of course . Suit yourself .
Yes , do you like it ?
I'll make a list .
Thank you for coming . Did you have any trouble finding the office ?
Yeah , well , times change . Look at you-you're a father now . You can't say that you haven't changed .
What were the odds ?
Let's see . How do you feel about playing bridge ?
Okay , we'll put it in the trunk . Ah , it is so heavy .
Yeah , several of those civil wars have been going on for years and years . It seems they will never end .
Are you Miss Thou Ping ?
And what does your husband do ?
Are they ?
Nice to see you too . It's been a long time .
we've spent $ 1,000 .
John Li's Office , this is Jenny , may I help you ?
what time is it going to start ?
What interesting places shall we visit ?
Please handle future shipments with more care .
Dad , come on ! Just tell me .
I'd like an aisle seat . I feel terrible near the window .
I think you need to separate the dream of having a PhD from the reality of years of more schooling . It's not as romantic as you might think .
Right . Unless , who know what will happen .
my father has already paid for that in advance . Here are the receipts .
Sure . Take a seat ... what would you like to know ?
Stephanie is 18 and Jack is 24 .
I don't think the green one fits her complexion . Do you have any skirts in light color or tan ?
Not possible .
no , why ?
Here , sir , sit down in this wheelchair .
Very good . How many goods do you have ?
Well , English is a " paper tiger " . Its natural enemy is adequate practice .
You know , about David and new boss .
It's rather more than I was thinking of paying .
Okay , you're all set . You're in room 1201 . Take the elevators to the 12th floor and it will be on your left . Do you need any help with your bags ?
Oh , well , the music has stopped . Thank you for the dance .
Be confident . Wear styles you ' re going to be comfortable in .
Of course ! Peking Duck is world-famous . I would love to try it .
i like my professors and the classes , but it's a lot of work .
How long will it take us to drive to London ?
Could you keep my valuables ?
I am calling to let you know that you are selected to fill the position of Project Manager .
Really ? I'm in a hurry . All right .
Could you please reserve a taxi for me ?
No , I'm fine . I don't need to see a doctor .
You know , the basics . A rake , shovel , spade and a hoe .
Please check up the price list . The average unit price is five million Hong Kong dollars . There are eight different banks that will provide a seventy percent mortgage loan . Also , the developer will offer another ten percent mortgage to purchasers .
The website will give you your results and then tell you what the normal range is .
But he is not someone who can be led by the nose .
Now , sir , do you have a credit card ?
Well , it seems that I should do some jogging from tomorrow on .
The rent is $ 600 a month ?
Excuse me . Where are the rice and flour ?
Yes , ten days .
Yes , what style do you prefer ?
you bet it !
Here it is . It starts at 8 o'clock .
what's that ?
I understand , and I am very sorry .
Looks good .
She is kind of player who never hides how she's feeling . Once look at her and you know if she's winning or losing .
Oh , we are skillful in doing that . You can trust us . Our shop has a history of more than 20 years .
Actually , the one-bedroom is the only vacant apartment right now .
I don ' t like the pointed toes . Let me take a look at what else you have . Too high . That one looks like the back would cut into my heel . I have a high instep so I doubt that one will fit properly .
You go figure it out yourself .
Really ? I ' m surprised .
what's the problem ?
I know what you mean . I find it difficult to make new friends , too . It ' s not as easy as it was when we were young , is it ?
Yes , I can .
It's an easy way to get hurt , let me tell you .
What are the odds of finding a parking space there ?
Can she speak Chinese ?
Mm , so what are you going to miss about Japan ?
My watch says half past five .
Why are you laughing ?
I ' m on the Highway 401 , close to the Lipton Link .
Why do you like old styles of dance ?
Are you enjoying your trip to New Orleans ?
ok , I'll try and put you through . Please hold .
It all sounds great . We can go there after the match . I can't wait to see what they have .
That is very kind of you . Thank you very much .
I went a long time ago , before they built the new train that can take you there .
My new plan is to wait for the end of the sand storm and clean my apartment .
What do you want to study ?
Hello . Do you like this jewelry ? I made most of these items myself .
Come on , just a little piece .
I'm afraid I have to return this sweater .
How much is my stamp ?
Yes I do; here is my account number .
How about a movie on Sunday , Mum ?
Just dab it all over your face and then take a look at the symbols that appear .
Health insurance company and policy No ?
Excuse me , is this taxi taken ?
Yeah . You can take them home and either use them as a gift or keep them as mementoes .
How's your father been ?
Ouch ! The water's too hot !
It seems to me like I may have caught a bug .
I'll have us ready for Stars . com by the end of next week . After that , I don't know .
Great , I'm looking for a place right in that area . Your apartment sounds ideal .
The interview will take about 15 minutes , and your phone will be turned on in 24 hours .
An option we can offer is two separate shipments . We will house the inventory until you are ready for us to ship it to you .
Thank you , Mr . Smith .
Would you like fries with that ?
Yes , I went to the New Year's Concert in 2005 .
Working for your company , as the top administrative assistant in your firm !
Hmm . You have three cameras . Are you a photographer ?
Tom is making so much noise . I have not a bit of peace and quiet all evening .
I think it ' s mainly from the environment a person lives in .
And you can easily get a student loan from a vocational school , or from the government .
The Old Town , the Distillery Historic District , the Financial District and Underground City , everything is so attractive .
Well , I am a regular member of this club .
Yes , you are right .
O . K . Are you planning on being in the delivery room , sir ?
The weather is often quite different from the weather forecast .
Wow , how exciting .
Now , I've got it . Thank you .
Leave it to me . I'll fix it .
It all depends . If it's rock music I'll do disco , and if it's romantic music I'll do ballet .
I was able to contact them so , if you ' ll step into my office , we ' ll talk .
What kind of music do you like ?
Oh , thank you . Thank you very much .
What do you do if you find something that isn't on your list ?
Where do you work , Andrea ?
Are you sure ? Then I'd love more beer please
You can buy them at a souvenir shop near the exit .
OK . Bingo ! We win . Give me five , Mom .
Thank you , mom . I love you so much !
Yes , I do . Do you accept American Express ?
See you tonight .
Where do you think the edge is for black athletes ?
All right . Can I serve you anything else ?
Let me confirm your order , Mr . White in Room 204 , Chinese food . Is that right ?
My full name is Zhang Yong . Zhang is the surname or family name .
The poor girl is up to the eyes in study all the day .
I don't find it very exciting .
She'd better keep away from them .
Mm , I just need something about business news . Can you recommend some ?
You did a good job . But I got tired of working in the garden .
This machine is out of order .
That all depends on how the visiting team shapes .
You see , that ' s what I ' m talking about , I can ' t stand your sarcastic jokes anymore .
Sorry , sir . We have only tables in the main dinning room left .
That's incredible ! She has such a sharp figure .
I have worked on a variety of projects and jobs in the high tech industry . I wanted to have the experience of working for a dotcom and have learned something about being in on the ground floor of a business .
there's a lot of evidence that suggest it will , but I don't think it's going to happen any time soon .
Well , a working relationship . I think a company is a place to get work done . Certainly friendly , open relationships among all company employees is important . But I think an employee should be serious about his or her work responsibilities and have a working relationship with the boss .
I came here from PCC .
Well , you ' Ve adapted yourself very well . Everyone in our office thinks you ' Ve made a great progress in the past two years . What is your secret ?
About nine years
Before I verify those , I need you to fill in some forms . Then , as I said , I need to see valid credentials , your occupation and income details ...
I am in charge of marketing activities in South-East Asia , for example , organizing trade conferences and arranging exhibitions .
I was wondering , does this come with any kind of warranty ?
Okay , I'll have everything prepared for you when you get here .
Sure . Here it is .
Yes , that hurts quite a lot .
What do you know ? You are over weight too .
Where can I get a phone card ?
I like salads with croutons , almonds , and shredded cheese .
There . Now , wasn ' t that fun ? As soon as you get a second burst of energy , we ' ll ...
I was happy to help .
You've got a point there . It is a custom and good manners to serve tea to a guest who comes to pay a visit . There is no need to ask if he needs it or not , or if he wants something else . It might be an insult to the guest if he is left sitting there without being served tea .
We do always recommend people take Traveller's Cheques when travelling overseas . The world is a dangerous place nowadays , you never know .
What type do you like the best ?
So you're saying I can't go wrong with anything I order ? In that case ...
I think I'm going to go get some food .
OK . You'll have to use a credit card or leave a $ 100 deposit .
Thank you very much , Mr . Parker . But , that is my job .
I live in room 1106 of the Friendship Hotel .
What kind of jewellery do you like to have ?
But , Bob , we were so good together .
Sure . 878 Fennel South .
Good gracious ! You certainly are lucky . How are you going there ?
Do I need to pay any extra charge for my suitcases ?
Toast , dear ?
Like Elvin . He isn't too happy about what you promised Stars . com .
What's in the box ?
How did I do ?
I ' m sorry , but that ' s what our records show .
I don't know . I hope it's nothing serious .
Yes , I can see . The summer heat is over , and the winter cold is still far away .
Excuse me , waiter , would you please give us a menu ?
Call us as soon as you get home .
Yes , most of them think it's good . But , some people have different opinions . They consider we should arrange some challenging activities .
Yes , maybe the personnel department made some mistakes in making the agreement . Do you have any other questions ?
They sure are .
But no dressing up like ghosts , right ?
Good morning , John . Have you finished reading the novel by Dickens borrowed from the library ?
Yes , what's more , your company is one of the largest and best trading companies in this line of business .
Wait and see . I want to try horseback riding after fishing . It looks very exciting and fun .
Great ! I went hiking in the mountains on Saturday .
I'm doing my best , Grandma ...
Good morning . I'd like to pay my bill .
Sure , I have a part-time job as a bartender .
Welcome to Credit Services . How can I help you ?
Good morning , sir . Can I help you ?
No , don't , I don't want to see you anymore . Don't ever call me again .
Well , why not ?
Really ? What can I do now ? I can't miss the important meeting .
OK . Is this all right ?
I'm going to the movies with a friend . How about you ?
Get the goods on her ? She never allows me to go to her office . And she is a good woman . She has been faithful all these years .
Lady , you look unhappy . What ' s the beef ?
that ' s right . I work extremely hard , and try my best to adapt to the lifestyle here , but I don ' t feel any sense of belonging here .
I have a tuition scholarship from the university . Otherwise I ' m on my own .
In that case , I suppose I could ask the dry-cleaner to clean up the spots for the moment , and have it well pressed . You might get it back on time then .
Yes . I had a bad traffic accident . Look , my car looks like a squashed coke can .
You'll soon get accustomed to it . It's not difficult . Well , here's the bus . Fortunately , it's not full .
We're going to have to compromise .
Why do you really go to church ?
Yes , there are several place available in that price range near the university . Do you have any other requirements ?
Oh , for Pete's sake . This is cosmetic . My brows are falling out . I did this for convenience .
Next Saturday at the earliest .
Oh . So you think you can just do whatever you want , do you ?
Grangerfield ! You were in Grangerfield ? That's a completely different town ! How could you drive to a completely different town ?
Yeah , how about your maths teacher ?
Sorry , I can ' t . I ' m busy .
We're on our own tonight . Dad's taking mom out .
She is so stupid .
So ?
That'd be fantastic ! Which beach are you going to ?
OK , you got me . So , do you have a subscription ?
I don't make idle threats .
Gee ! There's only thirty minutes to go .
Do you have a United States R . N . license ( i . e . Registered Nurse license ) ?
Thank you for your love and care over the years , I appreciate it , mom .
Which is better , here or PCC ?
You can get killed . No kidding . Remember , never stir up a hive .
But that takes too long .
Do I have to use a whisk or can I use the electric mixer ?
Yeah , but come on , Geoff , as if you don ' t check Facebook at work . Look , you hired this guy , we ' Ve invested a lot of time and money in his training , so now it ' s up to you to coach him . Make it work , Geoff !
But why ? Why don't people like to buy shirts duty-free ? Or shoes ? I just don't understand why it's always liquor .
Okay , but I haven't prepare supper .
Is this a promise ?
Could we order later ? We have five persons altogether and 2 of us are still on the way .
You had an art class ?
Of course , the interest rates depend on what is announced at the time , but at the moment , the interest for a 2 - year loan is 5 . 29 %
Oh , my mistake . The reservation is for a suite and it is a non-smoking room with a king bed . I'm sorry for the error .
I hope you're not turning into a sissy on me , Dave .
OK , OK . Enough already . We'd better hustle . The contest starts in five minutes .
Well , that's probably true , but I don't think we should be dogmatic about it . A colleague of mine was kidnapped once , so perhaps I have a different view of things .
Vince says he can't afford anybody else . We're got to come through .
I see . Please prepare my bill and I will be right down to pay it .
OK ! See you later !
The pleasure is ours . Can you deliver the goods by March 31 ?
You can't write with one hand and draw with the other .
Hey ! How was your first day of class ? I ' m in level two and I ' m loving my class this semester ! It ' s great being in a class of international students !
The main one is radiation . There are two sorts of radiation man must fear in space . The first is radiation from the sun , and this is particularly dangerous when the sun is very active and explosions are occurring on its surface . The second , less harmful , comes from the so-called Van Allen Belts .
No , you don't have to spend every penny you make , you could save some every month , like a lot of other people do .
Tell me what you're hungry for .
Oh my gosh , how exciting !
It's the end of the world for me .
what happened to him ?
Oh , here comes our waitress with our check .
Maybe if you were a parrot . I wouldn't recommend it .
Yeah . Complete with nice of you .
I see . How about buying and selling items ?
So that's how it is ! Now he ' s in trouble , but I belive he will rise to his own feet again .
I have every intention of cleaning my room later .
Why ? Is there some new , cool computer out on the market ?
They look all right to me .
Rather difficult . How about you ?
If I tell you who did , will you release me ?
I ' d like to . But Bob , are you sure it will be all right ? I would hate you to make your boss angry or even lose your job .
I am sorry , I am just too excited and forget it . Can I look it through ?
I don't really practice it regularly yet , I'm just learning about it .
Mike , I'm afraid I can't come back home for dinner tonight .
How do you think the education you've received will contribute to your work in this institution ?
9:00 !
I haven't seen this machine before . What's it used for ?
Umm . too shiny . And I wear pantyhose with my shoes so let ' s look for a closed-toe shoe .
Ladies and Gentlemen , this is the Statue of Liberty . It's one of the American symbol .
Not a sound on the city streets , just the beat of my own heart , I think that ' s how it goes , something like that .
Yeah . Anyway he is driving me mad .
Well , would you please send someone to 502 ? I have some clothes to wash .
It is at 8 o'clock .
What should we do ?
Is there anything else you would like ?
So it's not as convenient for left-handed people ?
Exactly .
Sure . What can you choose from ?
Of course I won't chill out . Opportunity knocks only once .
I really appreciate the offer , but I must decline it .
It wouldn't be full right now , would it ?
That's my buffer ... I wanted to leave a little room in the budget , just in case---it's better to be safe than sorry .
I'll have a double whiskey on the rocks .
I just think the humor was too gross . There were too many disgusting things in it . I don't think a comedy has to have so much smut to be funny .
Single or double ?
Smells like you're baking something . What are those ?
I've never taken this bus , but I think it's the right one .
Certainly , may I take your name ? I ' ll let her know you ' Ve arrived .
Oh , I see . You like the Chinese style , don't you ?
I've had good responses from the Beijing Times , help-wanted ads .
Do you think you are introverted or extroverted ?
Well , first I need to buy some things , such as fertilizer , seeds and tools .
You're quite welcome .
He couldn't have told you . Only a few people at WebTracker know about me .
How dare you accuse me of stealing your computer ?
Did you have a good journey ?
Yes , thank you . I just want to have a smoke . Can I smoke in the aisle ?
What are the best foods to eat ?
Can I see all of my test results at once ?
That sounds great . I'll bring a bottle of wine .
Could you sign the back of the check , please ?
Yes , in all these four sports . the Chinese Olympic dream teams led the way . They swept the floor against their opponents in table tennis and diving .
This one is also really cool . It's a sci-fi game in which you have to stop an alien invasion . The graphics on this one are spectacular .
I couldn't help laughing , either .
Do you mean to say that I can open a letter of credit in yen with a bank in London or Bonn ?
Then maybe you should go to school . If you're feeling so much better , you'll ace that English test , right ?
I'm on highway 1-75 going near exit 46 .
Name and examination number , please .
Well , actually , I'm not free today . Do you have anything urgent ?
It was . Let's stick with the regular choices today , though .
I took a long walk through the neighborhood this morning on my way to the train station . It took me 20 minutes .
I want to know whether you can handle the matters of registered permanent residence .
In Chicago .
Can I try it ?
that ' s fantastic . I ' m going to go try that out in my room now . good night !
I hate it and I was about to withdrawal . But after hearing your experience , I think I will tough it out .
You could have called .
Are there any other packages ?
May I see your library card , please ?
Can I help you in anyway ?
No , but the table cloth was dirty .
No , don ' t use them , please .
Sure , that's no problem . May I have your credit card ? We need a credit card on file for your room charges and incidentals .
Dan is on top of that . I think they are also getting the handyman to fix the bathroom toilet that keeps clogging up .
Maybe later . I wanna take some photos first .
Can l have your name please ?
I'll bring you one as soon as I find one available .
We have to participate in training after a busy day and during the weekend . You know , after work all you want to do is throw yourself onto your bed . And during the Weekend , you just want to stay at home and enjoy a family dinner .
Excuse me , Mr . Li . I have something to discuss with you .
Well , you know journalism is a highly competitive world , so you do need to keep pushing yourself it ' s true . Okay , well let ' s move on to talk about the job position here , shall we ?
Flight BE 407 to Rome is delayed . Will passengers please wait in the lounge ?
Am I too abrupt ? Did I scare you ? Or you don't want ...
It's just some turbulence .
certainly . For how many people ?
ah , I don't know a fit works . Last time , all I saw the gym were bunch of lidos , like me .
Please bring me the chicken chops .
No , I encourage her to go her own way , but she's now having a change of heart .
I just graduated from high school .
These are the various kinds of packing for pliers . Normally , we have three types of packing
Then I'll take the yellow one .
For some reason it's just not connecting .
Excuse me , how can I fill in this blank ? What does marital status mean ?
Well , you can ' t do it until tomorrow , and I need it fixed now .
Are you looking for a space on or off campus ?
A Capricorn is serious-minded and practical . She likes to do things in conventional ways . That sounds just like you !
I mean if you don ' t sell your shares now , it ' s quite likely that you ' ll end up losing your shirt .
May , is this the Hall of Ancient China ?
Thank you . Now I know how to travel by air .
Let's get down to business .
Why ? I mean , what exactly do you do to a car that you need to check it so often ?
That sounds perfect .
Who has a crush ?
It's a long time since you had a haircut last time , isn't it ?
My parents .
Not really .
Okay , here's a new one for you .
really ? What did you think ?
Fantastic ! I got the promotion !
Oh . That ' s a pity . I thought that we might go hiking in the hills .
The code is 880 , the area code is 010 and the local number is 8824578 4 .
You're so thoughtful !
Could you tell me some of entrees about the dinner ?
You have good taste . It's made of red wood .
You can get one in the grocery store over there .
I will take the coat . Do you receive checks ?
Oh , that's easy for me . I think it's really a good deal .
How much does it pay ?
Hi . I ' m calling from Room 209 . I couldn ' t find the TV Guide . Can you send me one , please ?
All right , see you tonight .
Un ... I think it can be a time-waster and it depends on how particular people are about what they want to see ... Mm , it can just be a sort total amusement for someone and totally consuming without reallyconsidering what it is they're watching .
Not really . I like going to an art exhibition once or twice a year . I hardly know anything about art or sculpture . You are a true art lover , aren ' t you ?
I am a reporter from Channel 5 News .
Well , I confess I've had my doubts about his abilities before . It seems he mainly got the job because his famous aunt pulled some strings .
OK , I won't .
On top of that , there are a few large chemical factories in the suburbs , which are contributing to the high pollution levels in the water and the air in this city .
Umm . . . That's the spirit !
Sure , what gives ?
So , aside from visiting our factory and offices , are there any other things you want to accomplish while you're in China ?
That's shortsighted . By the time the workers are experienced and contributing . They are likely to go .
You look prettier than before .
I mean her personality .
How long has your daughter been in the States ?
What about the trip ? Do you enjoy yourself ?
No , thank you . I want to have a look at that scarf .
Mmm ... Well we could go to that new art gallery instead .
I'm sorry , Lucy . I'm afraid that I can't get up .
What happens then ?
Ok ! Would you mind writing me a doctor ' s note for work , otherwise they may think I am faking it !
Come on , dear ! You forgot it , too .
My main responsibility is trouble-shooting between top management and the general employees .
She ' s a librarian at the public library .
What are the appliances ?
Did you play football yesterday ?
Listen . If you refuse to go in , Conrad will be offended . You don't hate gay people , do you ?
Not a problem . May I have your name , please ?
More than six years .
Pardon me ?
If it is not to your satisfaction , I ' ll certainly bring you another . But I ' m afraid you may have to wait for a few minutes .
Please take 2 tablets each time , 4 times a day .
OK . Thank you .
I understand that . But I hope that we can get to the bottom fo this and show Miss Brown that she misunderstood my reaction .
What about cab drivers and porters ?
It's only about a five-minute walk .
let me see ... set the timer first and push the button , oh , come here .
Wow , you ' Ve inspired me to do something !
What's wrong with them ?
By the middle of October .
Is it expensive to make out-of-state calls ?
Have you ever been shopping at Whole Foods ?
I understand . That ' s why Christopher and I want to find a place in a small town , far from the city .
Generally it's to my appetite . What about you ?
So you are green with envy at your neighbor ?
Yes . This way please .
I might just do that . What style of clothes do they have ?
We could take a cut on the price if your order is a large one , but a 20 % reduction is really more than we can do . What quantity are you going to order from us then ?
What do you think of AC milan and the team of Argentine ?
I like blue . You see , that's the color of the sky . I wanna be a superman .
Well , it's made up of four large islands and many smaller islands located off the coast of the Asian main lands . France isn't an island , is it ?
Of course . It's a good school . How long have you lived in Taichung ?
Sounds good . The food there is fantastic too .
No , it's not necessary . But you have to fill out this form .
No , thanks . I'll call back later .
Here , lift this aluminum pan . It's the same size .
It's only like that the first couple of times .
That would be great . I would love some .
My head hurts badly .
You have children now . What if something , God forbid , happens to you ?
We make a counter-offer to you of $ 150 per metric ton F . O . B . London .
Mr Green , please .
When were you Bron may I ask ?
It must be difficult to remember the details for each individual client .
How would you like your coffee ?
Do you want the whole minibar , or just certain items ?
I ' d like to use my Master Card , if I could . Hey , wait a minute ! This is a bit more than I expected . Why is it so high ?
Certainly , sir . Just tell me your account number please .
Now press this button .
Kelly , the guys and I think you should run for senior class president .
I love you , too , Dad .
We'd like to have break fast in our room tomorrow ; Would you please arrange it for us ?
Hey , daughter . Let me ask you something .
That is wonderful .
Do you like reading magazines ?
No , I receive this as a birthday present , but the price tag is still on the skirt though . Will that be OK ?
Miss Yang is dating the manager who's married .
So how much do you want to gamble ?
That is so nice of you .
That ' s true . I got the news yesterday .
Yes , please . we need a record of you education and your work experiences .
Oh , good . What time does the flight get to Rome ?
That ' s not good for me at all . It ' ll have to be another time .
As an existing banker , that will speed up the process . You said you had the documents with you ?
Oh right ... present company excluded , of course !
That ' s all there is to it .
Welcome to our restaurant , Chez Attitude !
The flight will get you there at six Sunday morning .
That's great and it was your first try .
It's about time .
Sure . Have you got anywhere in mind ?
Did you report it on your Continued Claim Form ?
You ' re a wonderful person , Kathleen .
You should be there some Christmas Eve .
Thank you , Li Mei . Come into the dining room . I'm going to cut the cake soon .
Great . What time would you like to meet ?
Generally speaking , food items are difficult to import . Food with the short shelf life is liable to spoil in the time it takes to ship from one place to another . The only food items we import are specialty canned or preserved foods . The shelf life is longer for these products .
Yeah , the government really takes a bite , doesn ' t it ?
Not really . I'm hoping to live with it for a while until I get a promotion .
What ? I can barely hear you because your veiled voice ?
Just press into it gently with your thumb . If it feels soft , it's ready to eat .
Not at all . Welcome again .
Let me see . We can visit the country . We haven't done that for such a long time .
That's not bad . What about the price ? Did she tell you how much her friend wants for the car ?
We will find you one . Wait a moment .
Hey man , you hit my car .
The cold weather will damage the engine .
Ok . Take care . I hope you have a good journey .
Err , kind of . You know this traffic jam is really bad with so many new cars hitting the streets these days .
I've been studying for my exams . My school exams will begin next month .
A house warming party ?
About fifteen minutes .
I haven't read a book like that for as long as I can remember .
That's enough . Sit down .
Do you think the trend will continue ?
We have read about this in your sales literature . Could you give us some idea of your prices ?
That is wonderful . We've been having serious problems in that area . Our internal accounts seem so messy at the moment , nothing is running smoothly and it's costing us time and money .
I don't think there will be . He left through the door , remember ?
How long are you going to stay there ?
Well , we have some special projects coming up . Would you be interested in working on any of those ?
Maybe now I ' ll get that promotion I was hoping for .
I am brushing my teeth .
yes , I learned how to speak it when I was little .
Then it'll give me my money ?
That's what my parents want me to do .
You'll never guess what happened today ! I went to the doctor after work and the doctor told me ...
Brazil calls for a time out and we ' ll be right back , after a short commercial break .
Of course , we can .
I'd like to buy a ticket for New York .
Hello , I'm here to talk to someone about a Fixed Asset Loan .
Yes , it is . What about it ?
No problem , I can do that for you right now . Have you checked the documents ?
Oh , no . Charlie , where is my purse ?
My stomach was upset .
What a nice tie you are wearing !
They look very uncomfortable .
If you have exactly the same one-same color , same design , and same size , of course .
Yes , two .
I just want to remind you to behave yourself .
I always am . You just didn't notice .
How did you know that ? I heart Tom ' s father didn ' t agree with that .
I seem to have lost my train ticket .
I know you are a good dancer . What dances do you like ?
I believe collecting stamps has something similar to traveling right ?
I'll have to write you a ticket .
Hi dude , you look upset , what's up ?
Yes , I think so . And how about the price ?
Good morning !
My wife and I want to see the places of interest in Shenzhen , Guangzhou and Zhuhai . Can you arrange a tour for us ?
Yes , certainly .
Could I speak to Mary , please ?
That is the most boring , typical gift in the world !
Thank you . I am glad that everything turned out so well .
What did you do after you'd played football ?
When the lower branches are removed , you ' ll be able to sit under the tree .
No , I'm a nurse .
What kind of volunteer work ?
Good evening , sir . Are you Mr . Jim Stewart from the States ?
That sounds smart ... but kind of boring .
Is there a medication you can prescribe to help me with my problem ?
That will be no problem , sir .
OK . Do yon have a pen and a paper now ?
I guess I'll wait a few more days . There maybe even bigger discount then .
Then you'll need to know it's a hard job . You'll often have to work overtime or even on weekends .
Honey , please . You're the only woman for me , forever . I swear it .
I struggle with organization and time management . Punctuality has never been a strength of mine . I find it hard to organize my time efficiently . I have actually addressed this weakness recently , by attending a workshop on efficient time management . It helped me a lot , by providing me with great insights on how to get organized and use my time efficiently , so I think I ' m getting better now .
Well , it's a fruit with a big seed in it .
No , I must know today because we have to go to press for the advertisements . Is there anyway you can speed up the process of checking inventory ?
In this period , you can only get the basic salary , 2,500 yuan per month .
The lecturer is dull , too .
That's not a problem , I'm more than happy to explain everything in laymen's terms . PIN stands for Personal Internet Banking . You can do all of your usual banking using the Internet , no need to call
For example , if your birth date is January 12 , 1987 , write 01/12 /8 7 .
Yes , but he may be too eccentric even for you .
Thank you for your information , we can hold more talks later on business details .
Will you travel by sea or by air ?
Oh , here ' s one . It ' s looks like its in this neighborhood , $ 600 a month . That ' s not to bad .
Here it is .
Yes . in some sense . I should say I like mountain climbing , you know , because I'm not so professional . How about you ?
No , I won't hear of it .
What are the things that are forbidden to take in departure ?
You know , some grape juice would be really nice , too .
I'm sure that May would love the pink one .
Look , we have a lot of accumulated anger from working in these conditions , and it ' s probably okay to let off steam once in a while . But , it ' s probably not a good idea to keep it up I ' m willing to forgive and forget and if you are .
It's platform 5 .
They say we're going to get some rain later .
Yeah , I am having a party this saturday night , a sort of house warming , and i want to invite you . are you busy ?
Yeah , you ' re right . When it comes down to it , I can be pretty tacky .
OK . We offer 2 types of saving systems , Time Savings and Demand Savings . With Time Savings your money cannot be withdrawn for a certain period of time , but with Demand Savings your money is ' on demand ' , you can withdraw at any time .
Nothing doing .
What depends ?
what kinds of questions did she ask you ?
Let me know if I'm using too much force .
You may collect unemployment if you are working fewer hours or got laid off .
Believe me . Everything will be ok .
Is that going to take long ?
It is a position in your Maintenance Department . Is it available ?
Yes . You can use your textbook for your reference .
Thanks . They look delicious .
Good afternoon . Can I help you ?
Yes . But you know him . He's just worried that you're not Italian ...
No , but I did notice that she was very interested in the art supplies !
Square ... turn right ... traffic lights ... And then ?
Thanks , June . But I think I need to be certified as a mechanic before I ' m allowed to repair cars for a living .
How long will it be till they get here ?
That sounds great . I'll have that one then .
I'm going out right now . But that's all right , you can come when I've gone .
I'm sorry , Julia ! I can't get home early this evening .
Yes , we could also make this arrangement , , if you prefer .
OK . Then I will clean the table .
what ' s wrong with it ?
yes , but it's blurred and a little dark .
What do you think of smoking ?
One minute . Oh , yes , it was infected by a virus , and you had no antivirus software .
Do you have his card ? What's in his portfolio ? Which firm has he worked for in the past ?
What do you think is the most important thing for you to be happy ?
I know , it ' s a big one .
You won't need it . Stanley , my best man , is going to treat everybody !
Suit yourself . Don ' t forget to set the alarm clock .
I wouldn't mind a necklace . I was at the jewelry shop looking around , and they have a couple of beautiful necklaces I want .
No , I haven ' t .
I checked it out of the rental library . It only costs five cents a day .
Is that the only medication I need to take ?
Some of us will play basketball and some volleyball .
No , Why don't we just grad a bite at the coffee shop next door ?
Do you know the restrictions about the carry-on items for exiting ?
I went to the doctor yesterday .
we can buy a three-liter bottle . It works out cheaper per liter . We should buy a packet of butter and a few pints of milk too .
How about the rowing machine
Certainly . These are thirty yuan each and these are twenty-five .
I expected that something might get broken . That doesn ' t bother me . That spilled drink won ' t leave a stain , will it ?
Thank you for your compliment . But you are exaggerating . I think you are destined to be a singer . You have the best voice !
One second , please . All right , here are your painkillers .
Don ' t worry . Just check in your bag before entering .
A friend of mine is now in the big house . He was caught red-handed for selling cocaine .
That's all right . But why were you so rude to me at lunch .
I didn't know that . How much does it cost to subscribe ?
Really ? How long have you been playing piano ?
No problem . However , maybe I should come early to help you prepare the dinner .
The first thing that you should check out is callous , which is a great Internet-based placement service that you can use .
Is this going to cost me anything ?
May I suggest family sweet ? You all just have a consolation .
I would be interested in a ten-day trip around Christmas time .
All the papers have been drawn up , but I will need to see your picture ID so we can notarize these papers .
Interesting . And , your postgraduate studies ?
Why doesn't he meet us outside ?
You mean you haven ' t seen her before ? Then , how could she be your girlfriend ? Maybe you don ' t even know her .
Finally we're on board !
That's incredible . Could you tell me what you did to make a start ?
( Having lunch with Joseph ) Have you ever been invited to a Chinese feast ?
I'm glad to hear that . We are trying to give you a favourable one .
About more three days , I think .
I usually do housework in mornings . I go shopping occasionally . I like to do all my shopping in one bag trip to the supermarket . I always drive to the big supermarket in the city center . It takes about
$ 100 .
My name is Phil . What's yours ?
Why not go again to celebrate our one-year anniversary ? We can go to the same beach , stay in the same hotel and enjoy a dinner in the same restaurant .
Well , I have them in my bag . I'Il put them on right away !
I've got it . I won ' t bother you any more . You ' d better hurry to do it , Christmas is just around the corner .
It's amazing .
just joking . I would like to get a few bottles of beer though . We also need a liter of cooking oil .
That's a point . It seems a little complicated . I will think about this for a while . I owe you one . After all , you give me an inspiration .
This sucks . I hate buying lingerie . Okay , just find something and get out of here . Alright , these are fine . Oh , no , don ' t come over here , don ' t come over here .
Um ... let me see now , is it 18 or 19 , I can never remember ... 18 ... 19 next birthday . Tthat's it .
Hello . I'd like to open a Foreign Currency Account .
Oh . Who is the artist ?
I hope so too . I'll give him a call when we get there .
Yes , sir . Here it is .
I have cut the price the minimum . You know our freshener is a patent product , different from other kinds of fresheners . We could not have quitted it at such a low price if it were not for your past large orders . This price , actually , leaves us with a very small profit .
Not at all . I see you and your family twice a week , and I enjoy seeing my own friends . I ' m too busy to feel lonely !
I have no desire to talk on a network with a bunch of strangers .
So , if I do decide to go ahead , how can my company open a Corporate Agreement Savings Plan with you ?
I liked physics . It ' s all math , really , arcs , curves , velocity , cool stuff .
Alecia .
We do think so .
Lisa , I am told you did very well in your exam .
He ' s buying me a handbag , and then dinner at a gorgeous restaurant .
I have been doing quite well at college . According to the academic records I've achieved so far , I am confident that I will get my Bachelor of Business Administration this coming July .
Do you think you can send somebody over to fix it ?
Hi , is that Li Ling ?
OK . Here is your change . The train leaves on platform 8 .
Thirty minutes in gym at lunch time .
I'll teach you .
You get really passionate about this , don't you ? Alright . I'll watch it with you .
OK . I see . Thank you .
It may have been random , but have you ?
It ' s only the day when the world ' s biggest sporting event is kicking off .
How many days do you plan to finish reading it ?
I have more bad news .
Non-tariff barrier is another mean to restrict imports .
yes , now that you mention it , I think we had a chemistry class together in high school .
Let's make it the first item of business in our next meeting .
Your room number is 210 . The bellboy will show you the way there . I hope you enjoy your stay .
Oh , yes . I remember your company .
Tragic movie ? I think it's a love story .
Hey , Jack ! Is Jenny coming with us ?
Good morning , sir . I've brought the breakfast you ordered .
If I were you , I wouldn't drink too much .
Yes , the teacher says recitation is real good .
I hear your sister has had an accident , is it true ?
Yeah , I'm gonna go to the bank and change it for bills , but first I have to separate them into little piles .
Not a problem .
they're called that because they're left behind on the shelf . They're also known by their three H's---high diploma , high salary , and high degree . and they're also known as the three S's -- single ,
Employee welfare ? What all does that include ?
Yes , you have to . It is a safety rule of the company . You could not only lose your job but your hearing if you don't .
Elaine ' s back from school . I think it might be a nice gesture if you asked her out . I suppose she ' s not good enough for you , is that it ?
So you suppose you deserve a salary raise .
Is it serious , Doctor ?
It's a deal !
How annoying !
Hello , Robert . This is Frank . I'm coming to Guangzhou on the the 7th and I'd like to call in to discuss the project plan .
I recently graduated from college as an English major .
But I think Eddy is going too far !
Four times might be enough . Not once or twice .
So maybe we shouldn't go out after all .
I was hoping to leave by 9 o'clock so that it won \ ' t be too hot for the hike .
Don't worry , most of the leads on mildly interested , if not strongly interested . We've just got to make sure the Hot ones are contacted right away . And even the contacts that for what ever reason aren't prepared to make an order now , they might be interested in the future . Please be conscanciouss about getting a hold of everyone of these leads . We've spent a big chunk of marketing budget to find these people . I don't want our investment to go down the drain .
Neither have I .
I don't want people to think I'm stingy .
What day is that ?
Have you got a headache ?
All right . I ' ll open one of those .
I'm glad you enjoyed it . It's had long run , but the house has always been full .
Two copies ? One to keep and one to cut the pictures out of , right ?
I think I'm polite , careful , relaxed and shy .
It ' s really elegant and it fits you really well .
It's not . It's an ancient Greek word . It means gratitude .
You ' re just 4 mao short for the hard sleeper , but I ' ll let it go . Anything for love !
Whenever I go to Vegas , I get really excited .
I'd love to continue this conversation , but I really need to go now . I have to get back to the office .
Here is the fare and keep the change please .
The Great Wall is a great attraction for visitors .
He treats everyone pretty badly , but the way he treats me really takes the cake !
That was a bright idea .
But I ' Ve never been on a business trip before !
After that , we will have a picnic .
oh , that's a picture of me on our fourth day of travelling . I'm standing next to a famous foundation in the centre of the city .
Yes ? Who ' s calling ?
You have to be very careful with seafood . It tastes lovely , but it often causes upset stomachs . Have you heard anything from Tom ?
You mean she bosses her husband around ?
How do you like your job here , Linda ?
You can catch the 264 .
If there's anything that I can help you in the future , please let me know .
I mailed in an absentee ballot .
Miss , where do you want to go ?
So , it ' s easy to get to the office from here . From your apartment , just drive along King Street East for about one kilometer and you ' ll see a three-story blue building on your right . That ' s the Department of Motor Vehicles building where you can change your driver ' s license .
You should've just asked me .
Sure . May name is Aaron Johnson , and my phone number is 3242-5827 .
Yes , it is a queer drug , a tonic only available in China . Many ancient Chinese medicine journals have recorded that it can cure such ailments as night sweat , pain at loins and knees and anaemia . It has no side effect .
I just voted .
Please deliver them to my office .
No , but now he'll be in trouble . What's a boyfriend for ? To forget about Valentine's Day ?
There , you only have two ways for visiting .
Don't you hit it off ?
Yeah , my friend and I hiked in a very wild part of the national forest .
Is Stanley still singing that Elvis song ? He's really hogging the mike !
That ' s true . Right . I ' m going back to the meeting . It ' s been going on for hours and there ' s no indication that it ' ll end soon .
He married a girl who is only eighteen !
Do you think it fits me ?
Zhouzhuang .
Of course ! Let me take it out of my wallet .
One Coke and the other a Sprite , please .
Mm , yeah , who can you see on the bus ? Can you pick out anyone on the bus who looks interesting ?
I've been with this firm for 26 years and I'd hate to see it go down the drain due to poor leadership skills .
I'll send somebody over right away to fix it .
No problem . It is always worth trying something new once in your life time .
Whatever the reason may be , I'm glad you visited me .
The ship will stop at New York .
will there be a lot of people there ?
But what will you do if the goods we receive are not standard ?
I realize that .
She's another antique .
I am glad you are here ! See if you can find the problem .
Correct ! I have three-day visit to Shanghai on December 10th .
You have a good taste . It's very much in style this year .
Thanks , I appreciated it .
What's the band called ?
I want to be like her .
Good afternoon , Tina .
By the way , what's your last name ? I forgot what it is .
I'm really sorry , but I seem to have misplaced your towel .
A soft seat or hard one ?
That's pretty harsh .
I'd like to try them on for size .
Oh , right . I forgot about that . Sorry , I'll pay cash .
My god , it's such a lovely lake ! The lake has a water surface of 56 square kilometers .
Well , it rained hard all day and I had a bad cold , so I decided to stay home .
True , but English is harder than most . It's a crazy language .
You have nothing to worry about .
If you want to cross here , be my guest . I don ' t feel like dodging cars and scooters !
How sweet .
Because the traffic is not crowded .
It's a pity that I'm too busy to see you off tomorrow .
You need to fill out this form , please .
Just about . There are at least a few hundred in our immediate family alone .
I ' m sure this one is especially bad . And the word is so unpleasant .
Well , I felt like baking , so I made some muffins .
Oh , like a gentleman . Two tickets for two people .
Oh , that's only a few days from now ! How many weeks are you going to be taking ?
They're my family
Please notice all of our aisles are numbered and classified by signs on the ceiling . That might help you .
What happened to your old one ?
Does it mean anything ?
That's right , quite different . One day one of my American friend looked pale , so I asked him whether he was sick or not . But he was reluctant to answer my question .
Yeah . But his relation with Sally come to a sticky end and was found by his wife .
Icecream , please .
I don't know because I haven't received my test results yet .
Congratulations !
Hey daddy ! You look great today . I like your tie ! By the way , I was wondering can I ...
Preferably at the big department stores .
The reason I have called this meeting is to review a proposal we have received from our international division in Hong Kong . The agenda for this meeting is as follows , first , a presentation of the new proposal by Mr . Black . Second , an analysis by Ms . Nielson . Finally , a discussion about whether or not to implement this proposal .
I need some books on hardware .
Usually people leave 15 % , but this was exceptional service . I am thinking that maybe 20 % would be appropriate .
Oh , I see . I need more practice before I take the driving test .
I'm happy to hear that . Here is your key . Just dial 0 if you need anything .
Yes , I would call three of my former classmates really close friends . We often get together and talk with each other . Whenever I counter difficulties , they are always ready to give me a hand .
Hello , this is Mr . Smith in Room 502 . Please send up a bellboy . I'm checking out . What time is checking out time ?
Oh , there isn't such a code called economic law . The Economic Law of China is a general concept for several laws .
What's the matter with you , then ? You look miserable .
Is her fiance Taiwanese ?
I would like to order my food now .
By the way , we want one who can speak beautiful Chinese .
Oh , Where is that ?
Well , let's move , I can see a rest area ahead . We can relax there , and see what wildlife is around ...
Hey Michael . Where are you going ?
How would your coworkers evaluate you ?
Sure . Thank you very much .
Well , I think a crystal chandelier would look great in your living room , and maybe some new drapes for the windows . Also , a grandfather clock would look great in the den . Perhaps you could buy some potted plants for the dining room
Did you have a good weekend ?
Oh , no . Too much work . I hate to sweat . It's so gross .
I think one better way to stop it is to cut off their financial support .
What do you do in your free time , Nancy ?
But rose is too common .
Right . Well it seems like you have all your bases covered . What ' s next ?
I'll throw out the garbage .
I quit my job .
Are you serious ? You haven't even been anywhere on vacation ?
Good idea . How much do I need to deposit ?
But I can't skate well .
you got fired for being a few minutes late ?
Well , not in so many words . But I know that productivity is a big issue for him . Oh , he said the usual things like " Keep up the good work " and " Thanks for your hard work , " but he also said that he's thinking about bringing some employees into my department . That , to me , means he's not satisfied with what I've been doing .
Hello , Brian .
No , I am single .
Sorry , I don't feel like playing . I have too much homework .
What do you think about violence in movies ?
In order to graduate , every student must take a certain amount of classes in history , math , English , philosophy , science and art .
Going shopping . It tires me too much .
she told me that even when I become a senior engineer , I'll have to work with the assistant engineers as a team .
Office software like Windows might be one of the best inventions in this information age . It saves us from so much work and makes the communication even around the world much easier .
Actually , it's the dish recommended by this restaurant specially .
NO , nothing .
I ' Ve made a lot of new friends since I started learning English . Maybe you could join a club or take a class to make some new friends .
Sorry to hear that ! But I would definitely recommend this place !
we could take the subway , but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice .
Never thought about it , I sure you are right . It's quite a short walk .
All right , here is your ballot card .
The computer went frozen .
Good . Let ' s go now .
Yes , my wife is coming to get me .
I mean that you're gullible . You shouldn't believe everything you read , especially on the Internet .
Do you ? By the way , could you mail this letter for me as you go through the lobby ?
Hi , John ! How was your vacation ?
Is the price negotiable ?
Yes , they are .
Thanks , Ann . Talk to you this afternoon .
Your request for compensation makes me surprised . What happened ?
That sounds like a great breakfast .
How about taking a cantaloupe ? It is light and sweet . Children love it .
A few nights , I'm not quite sure of my schedule yet .
Well , I nearly always get up at dawn . I don ' t like sleeping in late . The days are longer in summer than in winter , so I get up in summer . I usually do some exercise when I get up .
You missed the film . That ' s a shame .
sure . Where do you want to go ? Are you in the mood for anything in particular ?
Do you mean you got a divorce ?
Wait , let me write this down ... Alright , I'm ready .
I think I know where it is .
It takes some time . Because even if the quality is high , people won't accept a high tech product unless they recognize the name . Name recognition is crucial .
I understand , sir . I ' ll bring a doctor ' s note in tomorrow . I am sorry , Mr . Thomas
Are they coming to Chicago again ?
Sorry . We're out of size L's .
Are they all right ?
you're probably right . I just wish it were that simple . How can I stop feeling so anxious all the time ?
Our office is over on Green Street , just west of the college .
Yes , we do . We also eat a lot of lamb .
Ok , I guess it's worthy of two yuan .
I ' m afraid I ' m busy tonight . I ' m having dinner with friends .
and the holidays provided you a chance to think over all this and make a decision ?
Would you like some cake ? I made it myself .
Yeah . I guess it does . Sorry again for bothering you .
There is a package for all sports channels .
Miss Li . Li Lin .
Excuse me , Miss . My friend is sick .
To be honest , I'm not exactly sure what we require just now .
One more from Carla .
Do you want to get a promotion ?
Fine . I'll sit here .
added to that is the high unemployment rate right now .
Forsythia . It's also called winter jasmine which is the symbol of the spring's arrival .
I just love your hair that way .
I'm thinking about taking his class next semester .
Though they were ugly , they had great virtue .
No I wouldn ' t ... can ' t we get cable ? Everybody has cable .
I was busy doing something . I apologize .
Is there any possibility for you to ensure prompt shipment ?
I was looking for a book , but I couldn ' t find it .
I am wiped out . Thank you .
Do you think we should be talking about him like this behind his back ?
Yes . It IS one of the Five Mountains .
Well , I ' d like to reschedule my flight for the tomorrow morning one at 9:05 . Is that possible ?
That's okay , I've got plenty of cards . Here's my VISA .
I want to remit 1,200 yuan to my brother in Nanchang .
Really ? You have that much faith in me ? And Giovanni agreed to it ? Does he know who I am ?
You're welcome . Have a nice trip !
Thanks . I think I'll go check that out now .
They want to recommend some jobs to me .
How ' d you know ?
I do wish your christmas and happy new year .
How do you like my new sports car ?
yes , but I bought it when it was on sale , 50 % off the original price . OK , what do you think ?
Oh , I am looking for an apartment . I prefer living off campus . I can study better .
Most people like football . More boys like football than girls . A few girls play it really well . Some people like playing basketball .
Please wait a moment ... here is the bill . Please check it .
I am afraid not . I haven't worked in an American company so far .
It maybe worse than it seems .
Well , speaking of history , let's get back to the books . We ' Ve got an exam tomorrow , remember ?
I would like to order cable .
Wow . I'm getting rushed too , but just one . Are you thinking of joining any of them ?
My name is Sun lin .
I shall . I wasn't as careless as John Sampson . He walked across that wet cement over there .
I also grew up in a big family . I have one older brother and three younger sisters .
You're too humble .
Which of these is my bill ?
I sometimes use traveller's cheques , but sometimes I travel to countries where they are hard to exchange for cash .
Is it stimulating ?
Oh , me too ! All the family getting together ...
No , I don't think I have . But I would like to hear the full details , if you think it'll be beneficial to me .
I'd have a look at some pots and pans .
The red one .
I want to . I heard it's going to be really fun .
What note ?
Not tonight . I promised to go to a concert with my sister .
Yeah . Hey ? What are you doing ? Let the people off the train before you get on .
At the end of this month .
This is interesting , Ms . Parker .
No problem . Anything else , sir ?
I have one . We could share it . Which way are you going ?
The hours are from 9 am - 6
Your muscles are a spectacle !
I know the color you mean . Is this it , sir ?
I'm going shopping .
But Anne ...
I wouldn't call myself outgoing . I used to be very shy when I was little , and it seems that I get a little more relaxed a-round people year after year , and have more fun in groups .
And he is English ! He makes a model gentleman when he puts on a black suit and speaks with a typical British accent .
True , a sea food restaurant .
What ' s the letter about ?
Oh . If you had talked to me first , we would have given you a raise .
OK . By the way , where is the restaurant ?
Honey , can you set the table ?
Wow . He's heavy ! And his skin feels really cool .
See you !
Actually , I don't think you can call the police . Not yet at least . He hasn't done anything . And probably the police will just ignore it . But if anything happens again , then maybe you should call .
Well , it's a pyramid-shaped dumpling made from glutinous rice wrapped in reed leaves .
Sir , guests pay nothing to use the stations .
I'm very happy to meet you . You're from the United States , aren't you ?
March the 23rd .
Okay ... what makes you say that ? I thought you were pleased with his overall performance . Didn ' t you just tell me last week how impressed you were with his attitude ?
All my children are large .
I didn't think you saw that movie .
Well , we are finishing the shortlist interviews tomorrow , so we will certainly have a decision made by early next week . Miss Childs will call you to discuss more on Monday or Tuesday . How does that sound ?
I prefer the old style of dance because I enjoy holding a pretty girl like you closely .
Sorry , I can't . I am busy .
Sure . How about the tweed ?
No , thanks . I ' Ve had plenty .
I have to get home , but I don't need all of this fancy technology , I think I'll just walk .
Is the furniture at IKEA cheap ?
Yeuks ! Do they know anything about me ?
Is that all , your majesty ?
Oh , I see . I think the older generation tend to think in a different way .
I am not in the mood .
I have taught myself Japanese in college , and I can carry on simple conversations in Japanese .
Let's have a look . Oh yes , you need a 10 mm ring spanner . Here you are . Just leave it on the workbench when you finish .
Where does it hurt the most ?
Tomorrow morning . Try it .
Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb
Welcome back , Sir . I trust the materials were helpful to you ?
Yes , I see . Thanks a lot .
It'll be fine .
How do you get along with the American students in your classes ?
I help you spot potential problems with the home before you purchase it .
Why ? I have stayed for 3 nights .
I don ' t like to go to the movies on a date . It's noisy there .
Oh , yes . It's on Wednesday morning . Sorry about that .
Great ! Our president has asked me to come over to invite you to the banquet held in your honor at the Beijing Hotel at 7:00 . Here's an invitation card for you .
All right , Sir .
What kind of music do you like best ?
That happens in many places . In my city , there is a very good drug rehabilitation programme . The police and courts are also tough on people who commit crimes , but I don ' t know if that ' s the reason for
How do you think a manager should react to an employee ' s unsatisfactory work ?
Good for you . I know many people just leave their blogs alone after the first few months .
that ' s great . Thanks very much . Would you like a cup of tea or coffee ?
On all our new cars , the standards include
It's about two miles away . that might be a little far to walk . Here's one that's about half a mile from the campus . The cost is 100 pounds a month and it's on a small street , just off a main street .
I know , Janet . I just walked out and forgot it completely . I ' ll go home and get it at noon , all right ?
I also feel that work efficiency here is very high . and you have strong working ability and professional skill , it seems that you know all , that's really wonderful !
Is there an office near me ?
Actually , I ' Ve got something scheduled on Monday . Can she do Tuesday ?
An ambulance is on its way right now . They should be there any minute . Are you close to him right now ?
Really ! How fascinating .
I enjoyed myself , too .
No , that would be too expensive . We used the train system . We bought a special pass called a Enrail pass . It lets people use the train wherever they want , as often as they want .
I like to do just about anything outdoors . Do you enjoy camping ?
If I put you in at a later spot , would that work out ?
No , that's fine . Do you bring your bankbook with you ?
Yes . There's only a few seconds in a whole month .
Even if I was seriously ill you couldn't spare a moment .
Yes , the reviving mask will promote blood circulation and tighten your skin . You can also choose to get hand or back massage as well .
You play for an amateur team , don ' t you ?
Did the looters get caught ?
No , thank you .
I've just got the examination results . I am afraid you haven't passed .
I ' m just looking at this map of the world . I ' m preparing for a geography class .
My flight departs at 7 am . I have everything except for my luggage ready .
Do you have your insurance card with you ?
He has reached puberty . His mind and body both will change a lot .
Yes , we do . I hope we have enough for everyone . Did you send out all your Christmas cards in time ?
I will . Thank you , dad .
I'll get our Mortgage Adviser for you . Please take a seat , I won't be a minute .
So he is . But , why not try to help him to become stronger ?
Hi . I can't get going on my computer until I get a broadband hookup .
Your products are very good , but the price you ask is much too high .
Do I have to sand every inch of the table ?
Perhaps one month . I'll just have a try at first .
This is right . There is no doubt in my mind .
How about going to the cinema tonight ?
when I first moved in , I walked everywhere . But within a week , I had my purse stolen -- just a block away from the police station ! Now , I always take public transportation .
not really . I may have some occasionally for a chance . But I don't indulge myself too much .
No . I need to borrow $ 50 .
To tell you the truth , a letter of credit would increase the cost of my import . When I open a letter of credit with a bank , I have to pay a deposit . That'll tie up my money and increase my cost .
Well , I ' m a college student . How about you ?
They say he can sum up like winking .
OK , sir . Please call me when you are ready .
We have some catalogues from U . S . universities . You may check in the reference stacks over there .
No . He's afraid that no one will cook as good as his mother did .
They are all produced in China , aren't they ?
Sure . I will try my best to slow down .
I can ' t believe these skirts are so cheap .
What are the most fundamental concepts underlying the accounting process ?
Let me see ... Perhaps I could fit you in at five thirty .
Oh , the smelly bean curd . My favorite !
I began blogging when I first went to the US for my graduate strides .
How about we hook up for lunch at 12:00 , and then go see the movie afterwards .
How do you do , Mr . Wu ? Welcome .
I have made up my mind . I am getting a tattoo .
I'm sorry . You're right . I should have asked .
Because I am your competition which you know perfectly well , or you would not put up that sign just around the corner .
OK , 400 Yuan please .
Not that I can think of . Wait a second , we ' re out of breakfast cereal . I think corn flakes are on sale . Get those .
Just yesterday . I'm still getting used to it .
Not that long ago , I think it was four months ago .
What if the results from the two inspections do not coincide with each other ?
Sure I am . I've been writing a blog for almost three years .
Yes , quality is even more than the quantity .
Well , take it easy ! Don't let it get on top of you .
Probably you ' re right .
That's a lot of money .
Mary , be calm .
The copier is right over there , in the corner .
I'm afraid I can't go to the pictures with you tomorrow .
The Ukraine team took the lead by 3 to 1 at the end of the first half .
Could you please try ?
I ' d like to have the bed and the wardrobe .
Maybe that is true . But I am a fast learner and I am willing to work overtime , and I do not mind a lot of business travel .
I haven't got enough for prosecuting him .
I knew he would win .
You are welcome . It's our job to keep things running smoothly .
I ' m afraid I have some business to attend to .
May I have the fettuccini Alfredo ?
Possibly .
Oh , I see . But I think you are making a fuss . They will make it up . Bet it .
Great ! Phew ! That was a close one ! You had me going there for a minute I thought I was gonna have to slap some sense into you .
I'll be at your house at about five thirty . Happy birthday .
Actually , more and more people have realized that violence on TV may lead to the increase of crime rates among teenagers .
I heard there is a big yard sale at weeks this saturday morning , i will go there to see if there is some nice clothes , do you want to go with me ?
She must be a good wife .
There must have been some good news in the newspaper . I can ' t believe that none of the news stories make you happy or excited .
Excuse me , sir . I would like to buy a bag of tissue paper and shoe cream .
Yes , much better . Watch where you lift your foot off the pedal . What was that ?
Thank you . What ' s your occupation , Mr . Smith ?
let's see , I've got about $ 50 to get me through the weekend . I can only spare about $ 20 . I would give you more if I had it , I just don't have much money to my name right now .
Can I get the ticket here ?
Exactly what type of ground beef do you want ?
Anything else ?
My parents just didn't handle my older sister very well , and because of that , they want me to be more independent . They think that it's important that I should learn how to live on my own .
I do it , too . You know , sometimes when we eat , my child would pull a dish towards him and grab it with his hands and eat . And if it were something he doesn ' t like , he would spit it out and throw it into other dishes . He does it very often . I really get mad . I can ' t help spank him sometimes .
What would you suggest ?
That would be wonderful .
Yes , I am . I really don't know anyone .
Discounts will more or less encourage us to make every effort to push sales of your products .
Sure . The first food you have is appetizer , followed by a soup . Then you will have the main course . The last dishes are desserts .
Hi , I need to transfer some money to another account . It ' s urgent .
Not really . But I like some of her songs . She's actually very talented . She's a song writer and fashion designer , too .
Sounds like our boss . Typically him always late with important information . Anything I can help ?
When you pull my tooth will you also have to extract the nerve and the root ?
It ' s quite far away , though it's located in another part of the city . Are you planning to find a boarding house nearby ?
Why don't you make a salad like that ?
Oh , yes ! This is much better . But it has an aluminum handle .
By the way , how many books am I allowed to check out ?
Which one do you mean ?
Mr . Keller , may I call at your home sometime the week ?
It ' s true . Nowadays , men are spending more and more time in the kitchen .
Aha , but how do you prevent it coming into your life and taking oversour evenings and at the same time perhaps get . . . get out of thetelevision some of the sort of best things ... best programmes that ... that undoubtedly are on television ?
white rice , please . None of that healthy brown stuff for me !
Did you hear about car accident on Spring Road yesterday ?
You know , about David and his new boss .
Well , you get used to it , different countries have different manners .
How many years have you worked as a Production Manager ?
do you want to try some of my yogurt . It's a favorite everyday dessert in Greece .
The special today is steak .
What is the great trait in your personality ?
You've come to the right place . We ' Ve got the best shoes in town .
Gosh ! I can see the flames !
No , but I could take the bus .
I ' m sorry she is not in at the moment . Can I take a message ?
I sometimes use traveller ' s cheques , but sometimes I travel to countries where they are hard to exchange for cash .
What kind of test is this ?
I think that looks like a very nice house . Is it on our Internet listing for Open Houses ?
Under 300,000 RIB , we suppose .
You'll find the parking structure on the west side of the campus .
Heard what ? No one ever tells me anything .
Pretty busy . So are you back for good ?
But sometimes they offer some useless proposals , it's awfully useless .
Believe what ?
I don ' t know who placed the call . However , the call was from Toronto .
Do you want me to put in a good word for you ?
Come on , nothing can be that bad .
Are you going to your office now , Miss Chen ?
Then , turn on the lamp , please .
I'm afraid we can't . $ 12 . 50 is our rock bottom price . If you purchase more than 10,000 units we can reduce it to $ 12 . 00 .
Oh , I see , but what's it used for ?
That's good . I want to invite Megan also . Next time you see her , can you tell her for me .
To some extent , I regard books as my good companion .
In just three weeks , and I am excited . But there are still a few things I need to do before I go .
Hey , Jane ... are you familiar with our company's insurance policies ?
Yes , a lot of friends .
Do you see that girl in the red top ? She told me who you were .
But how guilty to waste food !
Really ? You're joking .
I liked sales strategies most .
Dude , where are we at ?
Yes , I'm back ! It's nice to see you again . I'm here about those documents .
After you've thought it over , get back to me and we can go ahead .
Excellent . Well , thank you very much , Mr . B , and you'll be hearing from us in the next few days , either way .
I have a friend that said something about a place called Price Club . Do you know about that ?
How do I use the powder ?
But I still say Americans spend a lot more money on useless things than we Chinese do .
Where is your wine list ?
Oh , did you know Hugh Young ? He was a music student .
Me too . Sometimes I do want to give it up . I can't deal with so many things at a time .
Hello ? Yes , someone has passed out at Dongle Ave . and 2nd street . He isn't breathing and doesn't have a pulse . Yes , my friend is performing CPR . Ok , thank you . They are sending an ambulance . Here , let me help .
No , from New Zealand , sir . I visited New Zealand and saw lots of overseas people there .
You can take 100 cigarettes and 2 bottles of wine with you free of charge .
She told me that even when I become a senior engineer , I'll have to work with the assistant engineers as a team .
... What a stink . This place stinks like rotten eggs .
Do you expect a high salary ?
Wow ! There are so many different people here . I expected mostly athletes and rappers .
Well . This must save lots of employees from worrying about how to write a salary increase letter . You know how tough it is . Do all the employees receive the same pay increase annually ?
it reflects some of our difficulties in this ever-changing world .
There are many factors that weigh in , but NASDAQ is down 200 points , the DOW JONES indicator also suffered ! Our portfolio is worth half of what it was worth points week ago .
I'm sorry .
You like to communicate with him ?
I'll call you so we can set that up .
Madam , you know we ' re clearing out stock now . It ' s a real bargain .
Well , we've been waiting for our baggage for about one hour .
What a lovely day , isn't it ?
I think it ' s over five meters long . I can ' t remember exactly . It has a maximum speed of over 200 kilometers an hour .
Be seeing you then !
is that so ? I'm afraid people here will not take pity on unlucky guys like you . Bargaining has always been an indispensable procedure in business deals . It's the norm of free trade . The seller sets a preposterous price , and the buyer tries his best to bring it down , until a compromise is reached . Yet you ignored the process . No wonder you ended up easy prey .
Would you please wrap the shoes first ? I would like to buy a sweater .
It sure does .
ASAP , in writing of course .
Is he getting better now ?
No , thank you . That's all I need at the moment .
20 to 1 , in favour of the Cougars !
I would much rather see her once or twice and not do anything about it -- -- what could I about it anyway ?
We don't have much snow in winter in Beijing . In fact , we haven't had any so far this winter . The winter is rather long , but the cold is generally not severe . The temperature seldom gets as low as ten below zero Centigrade .
Wait a moment , please . I'll tell his secretary that you are here .
Well , I may have accidentally insinuated that she is getting chubbier .
It's just our policy . We would accept a certified check or a direct bank remittance .
Of course ! Let ' s have a look . Great ! In my frame of mind , I ' d like to but one today .
Tea and silk .
You ' Ve put it among these journals .
Actually , I think we want to pay our bill .
Thanks for reminding me . I had forgotten to get mine .
They could generally be divided into two categories , direct and indirect contaminant sources .
You can search for jobs on the computers at the EDD offices .
Certainly . ( He brings her the sauce . ) Here you are . Can I get you anything else ?
And it takes two to make an agreement too . You have no guts , I am afraid .
Too much , Harry . Don't blame her anymore .
Will traveling be required in this position ?
Does everybody need to be there ? Hilary and Jason are on vacation this week .
Jason , where have you been hiding lately ? You know it's been a long time since your last call . Have you been good ?
Sure . Here you are .
Let's go and try now !
Sounds like fun . You can count me in ! Just give me directions to the restaurant .
Yes , I'm off again at the beginning of next week . I need to get some Traveller's Cheques .
Salt or no salt ?
I'm worried , Tom . I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour .
You said it .
Hello , sir . How many in your party ?
How much do you think we should leave for a tip ?
When you reserve a booth , you should check who your neighbors will be . Don ' t you think ?
That's a problem . He has sort of Dutch courage and that will egg him on in doing anything .
Let ' s meet at the park at 6:00 .
I think you have a very good chance of getting a visa . I can help you prepare for the visa interview if you want .
What dressing would you like on the salad ?
How about my backpack ? Do you know where that is ?
Thank you . That would be great .
Come on , grow up . Have you seen Vince around ?
Yes , I do . At Ann's house I will call the phone company and have them check my line . If they can fix it right away without coming to my house , then we'll just return here . But if not , I need to wait at Ann's house to talk with the theater guild . It ' s very important to me .
The Internet is making interaction much faster . People are getting to know each other much more quickly this way .
well , okay . Then there is still Michael . But he's pet after having the best sales record for three months in a row . It definitely won't be Michael .
Civil Law . Because it is broad and profound , and furthermore , it best reflects the spirits of fairness and equality .
Look , Dad , many people are doing morning exercises here .
Ha-ha , sure not a problem ! Here you are . Now off you go and away to bed . If you have any questions just give me a call ! Feel better soon and take care .
Well . I think I'm going to fail my chemistry exam .
This Saturday .
Where can we have the famous tea ?
Are you planning on treating the investors to a full-course meal ?
You'd like coffee , wouldn't you ?
I was hoping you would write a letter of recommendation . I want to enter a Master ' s program in marketing . It ' s all on weekends and evenings .
Well , I understand .
As a rule , we use cardboard boxes for outer packing . Besides , I would like to make it clear that each piece of computer will be dismantled into several parts before shipment .
This is a nice place , but you need to get some furniture .
Nothing ' doing .
How would you like your egg ?
About 2 o ' clock .
She often cooks it in a large pan of boiling water .
And then , what should we do next when you meet the guests ?
What's your mailing address ?
If you like you can wait here . They will be ready in one hour and a half .
Yes . We just had a basketball match with Class Two .
Well , you are right on that point . This is the reason that I don ' t buy leather and I try to buy synthetic products .
There's quite a long list , actually ! You can use if for business trip expenses , medical expenses , any internal payments .
I will explain it in detail in the next class , could you preview it ?
What's the time ? My watch has stopped .
Hi , Sarah . The results of questionnaire have come out . We need to discuss it together then write a research report .
What do you suggest ? I can ' t afford to quit my job until I get a new one .
I'm sorry , sir . I'm going to have to ask you to leave .
Oh , I see , sir . We have the airline office inside the hotel . They have an English-speaking staff . Just dial 35 , please .
Have you done windsurfing before ?
I think it's time you took another does of each . What would you like to drink with them ?
It can be anywhere between 100,000 to 200,000 a year depending on experience and qualifications .
Your way does touch my heart .
We have all shapes , sizes , qualities and price ranges , do you know about the four Cs of picking a diamond ?
I want to set up an interview for you at 9 a . m . next Monday in our company's conference room .
Sure . When do you want to get it back ?
We are gaining a day .
do you have s second ?
Well , with perm we can do very kinds patterns such as bob , chocolate hairstyle or bang . Which do you prefer ?
Do you need a furnished or unfurnished apartment ?
Probably we'll survive . But turn the car off for about forty-five minutes . Then we'll turn it on again .
some private schools require their students to wear uniforms , but public schools don't .
I thought you heard .
Can I also get some souvenirs there ?
well , we'll be careful . Thanks for letting me know .
Why are you always staring at Melissa ? Do you like her or something ?
Even her mother ?
The bride's parents ' seating arrangement is on the left side of the aisle and the groom's parents is on the right side .
Just remember that red means absolutely no parking and white means loading and unloading only . I think you'll be good to go !
I ' m sorry . But I don ' t meant to get your goat .
Okay . Did you get the Yahoo ID ?
I hear that Tom got divorced , and I don ' t know how he is now .
Come on ! Don ' t be silly !
That ' s Joanna . Joanna hopes to go to college .
Oh , yes , that will help me a lot .
Is there a cheaper bus pass ?
Yeah , it was nice to meet you . Hope I run into you again sometime .
I usually get a lot of information on the computer and use E-mail to send messages to my friends .
When in Rome , do as the Romans do , they say .
That's fine . All you need to do is fill in this form and state the amendment .
Did you always know how to draw and paint ?
It was made 4,000 years ago . It's priceless !
What attracts you most ?
What would you like today ?
I see . Please fill out this form . And you need to contact your embassy or consulate to report it as soon as possible .
The bridegroom looks a bit nervous .
Yes , I think so . It doesn ' t close until 5 o ' clock . You still have plenty of time .
Hey , check out this new game I bought today .
Yeah , why , is there something going on Thursday ?
Let me see . Go straight on , then take the first turning on the left .
Oh , well . Not by me .
What is it ?
It doesn't cost anything ?
Well , if everybody jumped off a bridge , would you jump too ?
I'm glad to help .
Yesterday morning was beautiful I thought the sunning was going to continue .
I have had enough gin fizz and bloody mary . But I have no idea about Chinese cocktails .
I can help you with that .
I must be going now .
What about a Gila monster ?
For four people . We'd like a quiet table with a fine view of the river .
It ' s a rash . I ' d better take you to see the doctor . How did you get that bruise on your leg ?
Can you do something about it ?
Excuse me , do you know where the visa office is ?
Don ' t get your hopes up .
Congratulations ! That's really something beyond my imagination .
How's her skin ?
Today Mr . Leo threw Sally out of class !
Lots of people are ill at the moment .
One thousand dollars .
Not bad thanks .
The rent is $ 725 each month .
Richard ! I need those tax forms from you before five !
About ten years so far . I started learning when I was in middle school .
Mine's 20/20 . Life just isn't fair , is it ?
Do you like it ?
I think a company is a place to get work done . Certainly friendly , open relationships among all company employees is important , and I think an employee should be serious about his or her work responsibilities and have a professional relationship with the boss .
Two weeks and I would like to go abroad .
Morning Sally ! What's up ? you seem in a hurry !
Yes , please wait a minute . I'll fetch it for you . Here it is . Please try it on and take a look at the mirror . How do you like it ?
Our two most important workshops are Resume Writing and Interviewing .
Yeah , I really know the feeling . I can ' t wait to graduate so I can get a good job and earn my own money .
Bob !
Would you be able to pick him out of a line-up ?
Let me see . Yes , that's it . Where did you find it ?
Make it three cups . Here comes Harry .
Once our President lowers gas prices , I'll be driving again .
That's everything , but can I add channels later ?
No question about it . He was offside by a mile ! We have a goal kick for Ecuador . Edison Mendez heads it to Valencia , he shoots ! Deflected by the defender and we have a corner kick .
Here , I'll help you type one up .
Should we call the Olsen's and ask them if they want to join us ?
What are you so afraid of ? Just tell her what you are feeling about her .
I apologize for invading your privacy .
I understand , Mr . Carmichael . I'd be glad to make it some time next week .
John , they are old-fashioned people from the Chinese countryside . That ' s their custom .
Sometimes the men wear flamboyant colours . Which films do you think will win awards this year ?
This is for the delayed cancellation . Because this time is reserved for you . If you are unable to keep an appointment , you should notify us 48 hours in advance . Otherwise , the charge will be made .
What do you like best about it ?
Most people are not very politically aware . They often don ' t understand the issues fully .
What do you think determines an employee's progress in a company such as ours ?
Oh , it ' s pretty popular among my classmates these days . So are you ?
Do I have any other choices ?
That is a bad attitude to have , Karen ! If you think that way , Las Vegas will be really dangerous for you .
He's in the hospital resting . The doctor's didn't give a clear answer yet .
Fine by me . Do you know how to read this kind of contract ?
Very nice . Thank you for your time .
He ' s doing well . We went out for a couple of beers and the funniest thing happened .
Very good . Ok , Mr . Brown , I'm now totally satisfied with your packing . You can execute our first order now , and I will open the L / C immediately after I return to Taipei .
I wanted to , but my insurance company wouldn ' t let me . All of my stunts were done by a stuntman . As you know , I used to do my own stunts , but I ' ll leave that to the experts in future .
9:25 on Platform 12 , Track B .
You are a thief ?
It's all your fault ! Now we can't get in shopping .
yes , but is got angry with him too quickly . He probably thought that I mistrusted him . I shouldn ' t have got angry .
I'd love something spicy . Maybe we could get some Sichuan hotpot .
Oh , right , of course . Here you go .
Very good . It's been a pleasure to do business with you , Mr . Smith .
It's pretty . Can I try it on ?
My friends ? Fat ? What about those whales you call friends ?
Fantastic .
I ' m terribly sorry . May I have your order again ? I'll get it right away .
There is a special exhibition of french sculptures at the museum , I was hoping you ' d like to come with me .
Do you know why I pulled you over ?
Absolutely . To be frank , I learned quite a lot about those animals and polar areas . I'm thinking of my kids there one of these days .
The average grade of all my courses is above 85 .
I was looking for you to deliver this note from Diana . She wants to know if you want to go to the office party with her tomorrow night .
How dare you say that ? What they do is just for our good .
You mean I have to pay now ?
That ' s a great employment benefit !
Good , just make sure that you do the same thing if you ever need to drop a class . Good luck !
I know . It's going to be so much fun .
I read that the number of animals being used in experiments is falling dramatically as new techniques are being introduced .
Four stamps , please . How much is that ?
Hello , is there anything I can do for you ?
Sure , I can go to the store for you . What do you need ?
Hold on , with that wind , you ' re going to catch a cold . Wear this scarf .
OK , sir . We'll try our best to serve you as soon as possible .
How is Tom now ?
Why can't I call the police now ? He was definitely following me !
Yep . That way I can satisfy my craving for spicy food and you can eat hot pot without burning into flames .
They're smoking pot . Don't worry about it .
Maybe we can trade . Why don't you stay here and read for my exam , and I'll go drink beer ?
Can I try this lipstick ?
Yes , isn't it .
I've found a nice place in this district . Three bedrooms , a large kitchen , high ceilings , a tile bath and a big drawing room .
I just got fired .
If you're a student , you can get a student bus pass .
Well , have a great time !
He is tall and slim , fair-haired .
You'v been work here for nearly a month , how do you feel about the job ?
I'll have whatever you're having .
Cool . Your guitar skills are very impressive . How did you learn to play like that ?
Besides that , many people took to gambling and got in over their heads , and gradually ruined themselves .
Let me see . It depends .
Is anti-virus software necessary for a PC ?
You work upstair , right ? I think I have seen you before . I'm Karren , Karren Brown .
Three .
A compact please . What's the daily rate for that car ?
Yes , the scenery there is breathtaking . I have some pictures at home . You can come over and take a look if you like
I want a bottle of champagne , lobster tail , and filet mignon , medium rare .
I think if I ' m going to find a job , I ' ll look over the job board .
I try to go to sleep , but I just can ' t stay asleep .
I wish you had been my history teacher ! I might have got better marks !
The results of the poll show Bill Clinton's approval rating has gone up in his second term . Do you find that interesting ?
Let me see . Do you think a brown one will do ?
Are cherries on sale today ?
She's in the hospital with my dad . I have to go back tonight .
Have you had any medical experience in any hospital before coming here ?
Goodness , we ' re not having much luck here , are we ?
Good morning , Miss Li .
Would you like to open the suitcase , please ?
No , the secretary does this . It's not part of my job .
I'm sorry to hear that . We value all of our customers , regardless of circumstances . What can we do to help ?
By ordinary airmail please .
Do you want to go catch a movie tonight ?
That's too bad . What problems are you having .
Yes , sir . We have many trains going to Beijing , fast train , through train , express train and tourist train . Which train do you prefer ?
Hi , come on in . Can I take your coat ?
We have caviar , foiegras , lox , cold beef , sour cucumber ...
Brazilian against AC Millan .
Ok , just follow me .
I am glad you like it . Welcome next time .
No . That is something only true Catholics do . So if you come to the church as a visitor , you only listen to the service . But you shouldn't go up to the altar for the bread and wine . Only after someone joins the church , then they go up for the Eucharist .
What time should I come ?
It closes at six .
You have a bench warrant .
They give me no help at all .
Which hotel will the reception be held at ?
What ' s the difference ?
what are you specializing in ?
Let ' s go check it out again !
Alright , please show me what you have .
Wow , sounds chaotic ... two thousand people in the streets carrying picket signs and shouting slogans . What gave them the motivation to finally organize and call management on the substandard working conditions ?
yeah , I suppose you wouldn't want to see that , huh ?
Oh , it's the usual 5600x3200 resolution with 10 . 0 megapixels . It's got a 5xzoom , so from 28mm to 120mm the pictures look great ! I can change the resolution , too .
OK , just a moment . I'll find the relevant data and help you with that .
Did you get any pizza ? When I got there , only small one was left . What a pity !
I am going to try Gado Gado .
I'm not interested , Zina .
I want to settle my account .
English and computer skills are comparatively important to this position , especially in the starting period . What ' s your ability in these two fields ?
Well , thanks very much .
Were you speeding when you got pulled over ?
Why didn't she call me ?
Sure , no problem . Asking for leave again ? You have been absent from class five times this semester .
Fine . How much is the charge per night ?
Hey Sarah . Why are you limping ?
Monica , wait a moment . I think we ' d better call the repairman to do it .
I can send somebody right now to fix it .
Something ' s burning ?
Thank you . If you have any problems , just call .
You want to bet ?
I feel my greatest asset is perseverance , that is , the ability to stick to things to get them done .
Hello , Mr . Smith , Wang Peng speaks .
What is the biggest fun for you on Thanksgiving ?
There is no one here by that name .
That ' s true , but still the Herald lists some jobs the Globe doesn ' t have .
Good afternoon , Lincoln Corporate Services . Lina speaking , how may I help ?
I purchased mine from IKEA .
What's your favorite season ?
Because the job I am doing in my present company is of no challenge , but I like challenge . Your firm is a young organization with many innovative ideas . It has been very successful in expanding market since its establishment 10 years ago . Working for you would be exactly the sort of challenge I am looking for .
Have you seen Bill recently ?
On the level ?
You ' re back already ? The water was too cold , huh ? I ' ll tell you a secret . Do you see that small pool of water over there ? It ' ll be warmer in there . Go see if you can find some seashells or catch some minnows .
I'm going to go to the concession stand and get some popcorn and Coke .
Is breakfast included ?
That's great . It seems that Typhoon is not as bad as earthquake .
Hi , Zina . Lots of people are looking for you .
Everyone wants to earn a lot of money . Don't you think so ? What's more , I am interested in money management .
politicians like to ignore the problems of the working class . They like to focus on making life easier for the upper class .
I am all ears .
Can you spell that , please ?
Are you more a follower or a leader ?
I'm not sure because I really need to learn something , but I also worry about grades .
Oh , but I suppose he has lots of talents .
Women are such dreamers .
What about sunday ?
I would like to have my coat washed .
Oh , I took up a new hobby .
I think so too . Let ' s go !
What colours do you have in foundation ?
Can you sew on these buttons ?
I'm not sure yet . Maybe this will all be gone in a day . So it's probably better if you don't call off my appointments . I will call you later this afternoon and tell you what I think .
I am not sure what to do during the holidays , any suggestions ?
That's cool , does your personal trainer basically teach you how to work out ?
I ' ll give you a call around 6 o'clock and stop by around 6 thirty .
So , right at the traffic lights two miles up the road , then left at the plaza hotel , a mile along that road . Got it .
Mo Mu , Thong Lichen , Meng Gang and Ran Nv . They were well respected .
Today is December 23,2002 .
I'm pretty social and outgoing , and I like making new friends . But I'm not a party animal , and I like to keep the apartment clean .
There will be a parents ' meeting in our class this Saturday and I am worried about it .
About what time can I go to my own class ?
I would back him up to the hilt anyway .
Mary , today a man from an intermediary gave me a call .
no , but I've always wanted to do that . I've heard it's a beautiful place to go .
Oh yeah , those are from my trip to London . I have a couple of different pence , but in all it won't add up to one pound .
Hello there . I need to buy some foreign currency for a business trip . How much can I exchange ?
We are going to climb a cliff on the Yangtze River .
What kind do you plan on making ?
Nothing seems to be happier for them .
Yes , I think so . The rainy season will be over soon .
That doesn't sound like a good choice for today though . Let's order !
How does this Friday sound ?
Well , here we go again .
What would you do at the party ?
Perhaps I should call her later .
I guess that ' s what I get for not flossing or brushing my teeth three times a day .
Many of our business friends in England , France , Switzerland , Italy and Germany are paying for our exports in Japan currency . It is quite easy to do so .
I slept like a baby . I fell asleep right away last night , didn't wake up once , and didn't have nay nightmares !
Perfect ! This package includes round-trip flights to New Hampshire . A free airport pick-up is included . Our VIP limousine will pick you up and provide you with complimentary champagne and finger foods to soften the thirty-minute ride to the countryside .
Yes , sure . It is No . 50 in the Fifth Avenue where there is a fairground and a museum .
I'm David , Joanna's husband . She has to be at work late today . So she asked me to pick you up here .
Oh , Dad . Do I have to get up right now ?
That makes sense .
Poor Kevin , we should do something for him . He is a nice guy and does his job well .
I ... I can ' t breathe .
Have you taken this to the property management , yet ?
Closed ? The clerk told me I could come back and register any time during the first week of classes .
Yes , of course , Ms Chan .
Hey ! The movie hasn't even started and they're almost gone !
Do you like working in teams with people from different departments ?
Then why are so many guys so crazy about it ?
Why don't you try this other T-shirt ? I think it would look nice on you .
I was an aerobics team member in college .
Just walk north for 3 blocks . It's next to the Mexico restaurant .
Is there a city where it's always warm ?
Well , I think that one fits me better . What's the price ?
Because I ' m very competent in this area .
But I must say , if it were only for the weather , I like autumn most !
I never thought about it that way .
I think this is it . Get off .
Let me examine you . Don't worry . It's nothing serious .
Do you have any plans for tomorrow night ?
Not right now . I've got to get another car and my old one is blown up .
OK . Could I make a reservation ?
Oh , she can make her own decisions .
Don't worry . I'm sure you'll do better next time .
Thanks for calling .
That ' s okay . I ' m sorry , too . It ' s a good idea to prepare for the future possibilities .
No , not yet . But Susan says they ' d like to get married in November or December . Then they ' ll go to Hawaii for their honeymoon .
What a shame . Will there be the same performance tomorrow evening ?
Jennifer , there ' s something I wanna ask you .
Yes . I brush my teeth in the morning , just before I go to work . It ' s actually the last thing I do before leaving . Then I brush again before bed .
I see . Well , then perhaps they could give me a few days off after a business trip . It was really tiring for me .
God , I didn ' t realize . I didn ' t , I didn ' t know ...
Horses are useful to people too . We use them for sports and recreation .
It certainly didn't arrive here that way .
Thank you for your information . As you know , our corporation is a state-operated one . We always trade with foreign countries on the basis of equality and mutual benefit . I have no doubt that it will bring about benefit between us .
You'll be out to see me next year , as you promised ?
What are their names ?
It has stopped snowing , but it's even colder .
I knew I shouldn't have shown you my new toy ...
I was hoping to get a few new ties for my collection .
You come from Germany , don't you ?
Don ' t get me wrong . I like it here , but PCC is better .
I'm very sorry , sir , but we are unable to do that . We would appreciate it very much if you could call us instead .
I sent out a notice . You've stopped checking your e-mail ?
You need to leave the cup in the cubby in the restroom , and the lab tech will get it from the other side .
Do you still like playing those games ?
ln this size , we sell it for 53 . 95 .
Hello , this is John . I wanna speak to Linda , please .
That's a great idea ! Why didn't I think of that ?
Here's one -- the new , beautiful Digital Barbie . This doll is hot !
I went there on business .
That ' s clever ! Then everyone knows that they are buying something the couple really want and there ' s no chance of two people buying the same gift . What things were in the notebook ?
I lost track of time .
The applicant must be alert and quick at figures , and like meeting the public .
Then take the next left then the next right . Are you with me ?
I haven't taken it yet .
It is considerate of your wife .
I ' m tired , Larry . Can we have a break ?
You think he might stay even longer ? !
To start with I would like something part time with the hope that it can develop into something full time .
That must have been wonderful . Do anything interesting ?
Even so , we can't do business with him . he ' s not reliable .
Why not ? China is a wonderful country .
We have various different types of Current Deposit , the Variable Term Deposit , a Notice Deposit and the Usual Current Deposit . Which would you like ?
My friend George has been to Switzerland twice .
But it is very difficult for any government to handle it efficiently .
We have a three-shift system - that's three eight-hour shifts each weekday . We're shut at weekends . This week I'm on the early shift .
I go to bed at ten and get up at six .
Thank you . But I ' m sorry I ' m in a bad mood at the moment .
Green salad please .
Yes , I'm leaving at four pm .
Do you have any different ideas ?
I didn't want to , so I didn't .
Shirley , that's my wife's name . I subscribe to this magazine for her .
I like your positive attitude . How many years have you been employed here ?
We are going to use this cuff here , and it will give me a reading .
Out in the suburbs . It's a long trip to work every day .
I am afraid I can ' t this afternoon . I take my daughter to her tennis class at the club on Wednesday afternoons .
I'm afraid I can only rent it for two months .
Well , Vince dropped off some sales reports for you . Said you signed a big deal with HomeSupplies . com .
They say my hair is too long , my room is too dirty and I am not good enough at school .
All right , if that would make you happy .
You can take the subway to get there
How much would you like it to be , then ?
I am 40 years old and was born and raised here in the good old U . S of A , although I have some Colombian heritage .
Could you recommend something to drink ?
Not really . What ' s up ?
What color set do you prefer ?
Has anything in your day-to-day life been bothering you lately ?
I don't think so .
Give it to me .
That sounds very good . Which website should I visit to download it ?
I think it had direct impact on my way of thinking . I learned to look at people and things from an overall perspective . In that case , I am not easy to be edgy .
Yes . No problem .
We've got a few . I can teach you how to surf on Sunday . It'll be fun !
Aspirin .
I always get excited the day before .
Don't be silly , forget about it .
What kind of snack are you going to make ?
I certainly could . You'll get exams next month .
Where do you want to go ?
Better luck this time .
I have a taste for Chinese food .
Well , I will think it over .
( 10 minutes later . ) Hi . Here are completed forms .
Sorry , but I ' m not really interested in those things .
We can't be too cautious about these things .
I am quite alive and energetic . I am a curious person , and I like to learn new things .
Sure . How about Monday ?
Yes , she does . She is good at backstroke and free style .
Yes , we are visiting the exhibition this afternoon , and look around Beijing city , wouldn't we ?
It is so nice of you .
I hope I don't have any nightmares tonight .
No , I haven't . Why ?
Yes , I have been working for eight hours .
May I try it on ?
Is it on the shelf ?
Then what price would be fair to you ?
Oh , I'd much prefer to go by car , then we don't need to get to the station with our luggage and ...
Honey come on ! We are going to be late ! Honestly , you take longer getting ready than I do !
For today ?
How long do you want to stay ?
America ? Did you get admit to MIT ?
I can't believe the weather is so gorgeous for your wedding .
How long would you work here if you were admitted ?
that would be a good shot . Can you take my picture here , dear ? Please try to get the garden in the frame as well .
I know . And you can also hear outside noises while you listen to music .
now that I look back at it , it wawsn't that big a deal . I shouldn't have lost my temper .
After baseball practice .
How much should I pay ?
Any time after 6 o'clock is good for me . Oh ! I'm late ! I have a class .
What conditions are there on the store policy ?
Fine . See you later .
I'm not being pessimistic . I'm being realistic . My chemistry is so bad .
How often do you have meetings ?
What's your number ?
Why ? What's wrong ?
Actually , he excels in it . Chairman Mao , too , encouraged the whole nation to play ping-pong as a part of the nationwide body building campaign .
I used to think that Americans had so much money they didn ' t know what to do with it .
I was thinking that I should have my new appliances delivered as we are moving in .
Okay . When is your restaurant open ?
How is this going ?
But Mom ! Today we ' re playing football ! I love football !
You ' re right . By the way , did you hear that Tom inherited some money recently ?
There's a little bread and there are a few biscuits .
What kind of juice do you prefer , sir ?
Thank you , Steve . You're always so encouraging .
I'm here to see about a Fixed Asset Loan .
Let me check . It has a paper jam .
That's great ! That was quick , after it not being there yesterday I wasn't expecting to hear from you for a while .
It is on Spring Avenue .
We are on the top floor .
Hey , I'm good at playing it .
Laptops are more expensive , right ?
That sounds fine . What time shall we meet at the bus stop ?
I could get along fine without all the office politics .
Great , I like the idea of trying some new food .
What are you majoring in ?
OK then , I will make the arrangements for them to attend . Do you know how to get there ?
I love the beautiful lawn . What a great front entryway !
Yes . Can you tell me what the interest rate is now ?
Good night , madam .
Wow , American football is more exciting than I thought .
Do you think though that ... that in . . . in a sense television skilled people's own er ... sort of , creativity or their ability entertain themselves because if they're bored all they do is justturn on the television ?
Probably not . After all he is our teacher . We should try to find something nice to say . If you can ' t say something nice you shouldn ' t say anything at all .
I don't know what I can do now . I'm down and out .
The Times is a must .
I said it ' s a lovely day . Why don't we go for a walk ?
And I hear he gives very good lectures .
This motor oil case is still really slippery .
When are you getting married ?
yes , I can still recall the days when we were all seniors at college . I asked you whether you would go back to your hometown or not .
I told you so . I kept having problems with it yesterday . I don't know what's wrong .
I'm sorry . Our company has just opened . There are always too many things to handle . You know that .
It's down in the lobby . Turn left at exit B .
I'm calling to ask about your apartment advertised .
I'd like to start by talking about prices .
Who do you think it is ?
Who's your favorite singer ?
I usually make a Caesar salad .
Why do you say so many thanks ?
Well , you know that this job center is here for your use , so help yourself . Good luck !
Great . Now can I check out this book ?
Zina . Look , I know when I hired you , I told you I'd pay you a salary . But I just can't .
Well , we can help him keep in touch with his old friends .
150 yuan .
Yes ma'am , may I help you ?
Aha . I've read of my roommate . I made a move today .
Many !
You ' re a big fan of Andy Lau , aren ' t you ?
I appreciate the offer . I will come on time next Monday . See you then !
You ' re right . It ' s sometimes hard to tell which pages are advertisement and which ones are articles .
The Internet has a list of Employment Development Offices listed online .
You have a lovely house , Jack .
Hmm . I'm afraid I can't make it on Monday . I've got to fly to Chicago on business .
I like traveling for pleasure to get places for vacation for instance . But I don ' t like traveling to work , waiting for buses , or ...
I only need a single room .
Hi , sir . Come and have a look here . We have all kinds of sweaters .
I really don't know what to buy .
Sandra is actually a blue chipper . I don't think she could realize that she has married a fool for women .
I'm sorry , I didn't mean to forget our wedding anniversary .
Well , she's got a beautiful face and long curly red hair .
It would be nice to get out of the city . Do you want some company ?
You can't be serious . How dare you not tell me you were going to marry her ?
How long would you like your haircut today ?
Sure , let ' s just be friends .
For me ? The football games of course , I love football games .
I was robbed .
What ' s going to be covered in the orientation ?
Have you had any experience as a guide ?
Don't worry . He'll cross that bridge when he comes to it . My son reads a lot on his computer and uses e-mail to send messages to his friends almost every day . He's really absorbed by the discussions .
What memo ? There haven't been any memos this whole week . I check my unbox every day , and I haven't seen anything .
Pale yellow .
Okay , sir , here you are . Thank you very much .
Would you like coffee or tea with your dessert ?
Which place are you most interested in ?
Good . How about you ?
I know . I could not believe it when I got hit by that storm . It was pouring with rain all afternoon .
That ' s both fortunate and unfortunate . It ' s the United Nations in my class ! We have people from all over the world ! There are three Germans , a Pole , a Scottish , two French , an American , a Brazilian ,
All right , Mr . Smith . I will arrange a table for 5 at 12:00 for you .
I think I found my Yankee's mug ...
Use this one .
After going through an episode like that I'm not surprised . How's her headspace ?
I like spring because flowers bloom and trees grow leaves again . In spring , the weather is very changeable-sometimes cold , sometimes warm . It ' s usually windy with some rain . Autumn is usually sunny and dry , but it ' s gradually gets colder as winter arrives . What are the seasons like in you city ?
Ten more minutes , mom . Please !
I've got a reservation here . My name is John Sandals .
Oh , hello , Mr . Campbell . I'm fine and Jack's doing well . How are you ?
Let me see . I am terribly sorry , sir . That should be $ 18 .
Good evening , this is housekeeping . May I help you ?
Yes , they are very fashionable , you see .
I parked in front of my apartment building .
This is the Pan-American Club . May I help you ?
I ' m not going to know anybody there .
Mary ? Are you still there ?
Thanks for the warning ! See you tomorrow !
Well , there certainly are many benefits that go along with our credit card .
Oops . Well , wait for a while . We'll get it done quickly .
I hope we don't have any more blackouts .
I would like to try on one in violet .
Have you had any head injuries lately ?
so we're just going to have a party where they bring their own drinks and we just give them some snacks ? I don't know how well that will go over .
Sure . We're on a pretty tight schedule , but we should be able to finish it just on time .
Can you skillfully operate the computer ?
yes !
Is there something wrong with Sons ?
I want a Special King size and some chips .
It would largely depend on the size of the order and the items you want .
I will ask my friends for you . Maybe someone knows a company that needs part-time people . That ' s another thing you should do . Ask all your friends to ask around for you . You might find something .
Would you please ask the manager to come over ?
Let's just park here .
I want to buy it . How much does this car cost ?
I can't help shopping there .
I bet she will hang around with her mates after school .
Don ' t worry . I don't think you ' re going to lose your job over one mistake .
Good . Now here's the address of the factory . The manager's name is ...
If you miss this class , you will have used up your quota for the semester .
what did you put in that punch ? It tasted great , but was quite strong .
It ' s 35 dollars on the meter .
You'll see next week . I'll come by one day at lunchtime .
I usually enjoy the meals here , so I think that we should tell the waiter that there is something wrong with this meal .
Certainly . Please sign your name here .
I agree with you in this way . But how often do you go to work or shopping per week ?
It ' s too bad I did all that shopping yesterday !
The operation starts at 10 0 ' clock . But you'll get an injection of anaesthesia about 30 to 45 minutes in advance . If your family comes to see you before the operation , they should come before 8: 30 .
A set of ancient china . It is really invaluable .
We go door to door asking for donations .
Because ... I don't know . But , Connie , you wouldn't do that , would you ?
Your daughter . She sold it at the school auction .
It's on the Fifth Avenue .
I'm back .
That's the point . Love among human beings is not limited by geography .
This one is two hundred yuan .
Are you a visitor or a resident ?
How is the college search going ?
I ' ll look for a ticket for you , too .
Yes , it ' s reasonably fast but it certainly isn ' t cheap . Fares have gone up 25 present .
Great . I'll call and make reservations .
I am sorry , sir . Your baggage is 2kg overweight . You have to pay extra money for it .
Lindsay Tipping gave me your name as a reference . We are considering hiring her as an editor for our magazine .
First you take some eggs and crack them in a bowl , and whisk them up , quite , so they're quite high and fluffy , and in a hot pan , and you need a pan that's that's kind of small , that the sides go up at an angle . You put some oil and heat it up , so it's quite hot , and then you take your whipped up eggs , or whisked up eggs , and pour them into the pan , and as it's cooking , if you take a spatula , and push the bottom layer of the egg , to the side , to the sides , and then to the middle , so the uncooked egg gets to the bottom of the pan .
That ' s bogus . I don ' t feel any stress at work , and my love life is practically nonexistent . This zodiac stuff is all a bunch of nonsense .
They all have essence of flowers in them .
They say we can't . They don't look after customers ' stuff .
I can ask around at work . Do you have a preference for makers or non-smokers ?
Of course , ma'am , Tell me where to go .
What's the minimum quantity of an order for your goods ?
Can I borrow your suit ?
Gotta go . Call me tonight .
We usually ask for 100 RIB , Sir .
It began leaking a couple of days ago .
Yes , that's just fine .
Believe it or not , the company I worked for closed down , so I ' m out of a job .
No , I don't know what the curb colors mean .
I came to see my uncle . He lives in the next block .
Hi , Bill . It ' s Marsha Black at MPPD Ltd . How are you ?
Mr . : Are you Mary Lin ?
Me too . Seems like all I do is eat and sleep .
Excuse me , Professor , I have a problem and need to leave class early .
Wow , what a great burd !
I have been having a lot of headaches lately .
The food here is usually good , so I think that we should tell the waiter that there is a problem .
I am terribly sorry . There must have been some mistakes . Let me check it again . Oh , yes , there is a name listed as Tommy Bush . It must be the fault of the clerk who registered your name . I apologize .
Thank you !
Yes , that ' s right . To be honest , the first year was quite tough for me . I was really just treated more like an intern . I didn ' t have many responsibilities and I found it quite frustrating .
Maybe we can try shopping on line .
I made a reservation three days ago . My name is George Smith .
You don't need to worry about that . madam . We have a warm massage pool , and the temperature is 36  C .
Could you please double space it so I can make corrections ?
but why ? Did I do anything wrong ?
What is your name , please ?
Really ? How long will your holiday last ?
something's got to change---and it's got to happen soon .
Yes , it has . Some Mexicans are crazy . They drink a lot of liquors even on hot days . Have you ever heard of " Tequila Sauta " ?
yes , much better . You can log in a website , browse through many items and categories comfortably at home , order the goods , pay by credit or debit card , and the goods will be delivered to your home .
Keep walking till you pass the square , then turn right . Walk past two lights and turn left at the third .
Do you think you'll ever get a divorce again ?
You need to be prepared to show that your unemployment is not your fault . If you have a termination notice , that would be great .
I ' Ve noticed that it is worse when I am under stress , like during finals week .
That is very kind of you to offer to do that . Can you start with the pages on the table ?
Yes , I have . I need them to help me with these new dished I ' m trying to make . I need a little more practice before I invite guests over .
No , he just landed the plane and walked to a restaurant .
Sit down , please . Mr . Tang , do you bring any paper or certificate with you ?
What date is it today ?
Hi , Mrs . Henderson .
Yes , I like it very much , the work was not very demanding , and the people I work with were friendly .
I see . How about this one ? It's very fashionable and popular among teenagers .
The climate here is pleasant .
When are you available ?
I'll call housekeeping . Someone will be up with more amenities shortly .
What bus can I catch to get to the Gold Line ?
There is a huge slide on the playground and lots of trees and even a little brook !
You know-sweeping , scrubbing , washing , drying , waxing , polishing ...
The car park in this community is over crowded , isn't it ?
Honey . The cottages harmonize well with the landscape . That tourist resort is worth travelling to .
I'm not ready to get off the phone with you .
How long is the layover in Melboume ?
I still have time to explore more of New York , but I need a place to secure my baggage .
Whatever you wear , it should perfectly reflect your confidence and vitality
No joke ! That's why she hasn't married yet .
Actually , many jobs are filled by people who select vacancies from the display boards there .
Were I in your position , I'd go to America .
It's July 7th . Chinese Valentine's Day !
But don't you like this place ? I remember when we came to see it we thought it would be lovely .
You owe $ 24 . 50 .
Oh , very good . I've been waiting for your report all week .
Don ' t be sad . Everything will be fine .
Yeah , I went over the figures this morning . We're finally started making money again !
OK , but don't believe everything you see on The X-files , either !
My boots ? Er ... Sure , ok .
Why didn ' t we choose an office in the CBD ?
I have to find something . Otherwise I have to go back to Taiwan . I'll be broke in two months .
I ' Ve made up my mind not to be beaten again .
Boston is in the northeast part of the country .
I don't want any other woman .
That's great , congratulations !
Yes , I've got the address .
Sure , if I can
We can go to the cinema or say at home watching TV , what's it to be ?
Well , I don't have the guts to ask her out .
Surely it was , especially when you only knew few people and little English .
Linda , do you know Mr . Green ?
Yes . I'd like to open an account that enables me to draw money easily .
I know there is a beautiful farm in the countryside near Taipei . Are you interested in going there ?
Delgado takes the corner . We have a foul ! Oh no , Did , the goalkeeper , has fouled the Ecuadorian player ! He gets a yellow card and that will be a penalty kick !
Yes , but do you have a prescription with you ?
What would be my daily duties ?
Hi , Mr . Lin . I am leaving tomorrow and I am just packing .
I think John is the best player on the field .
Thank you . Doctor .
I don ' t think it ' s very nice . And my father doesn ' t like it . But my mother likes it very much . So we often come here .
Women have often played an important role in British history . Queen Elizabeth I built a navy strong enough to fight off the Spanish armada in 1588 . more recently , Margaret thatcher transformed british society in the 1980 ' s .
First , I need a letter of recommendation .
You can get whatever you want at the cafeteria .
Channel 8 .
I'd like to request some more amenities .
I suppose . What can they do ? I don't even know who he is .
Yes , we agreed to that . We have great confidence in your inspection institution . Through years of dealing with you , we've convinced of your commercial integrity .
Oh , no . We ' re going to be late for the meeting .
It could . Modern humans actually have more flight or fight responses than our ancestors did . They just had a couple of close calls every day , but today , we have dozens or even hundreds !
Thanks , Professor . See you later !
Thank you , ma'am . Forty-three cents change . Have a nice day .
Let ' s see ... ' Wanted , manager for up-and-coming firm . Must have good organizational skills . Experience a plus . Please contact Betty Sue . ' Oh , I don ' t know ...
I ' d prefer wine . You ?
What an idiot !
Turn the lights off . Then , run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour . That will conserve the heat as long as possible .
Hello , excuse me !
They're on the left side of the TV .
Thank you . That ' s the result of exercise .
I was away for my vacation .
Yes , of course .
I was regional champion for the 100 and 200 meters . I usually did well in the dong jump competitions , but I couldn ' t compete with kids from other schools in the javelin . How about you ?
We have many loans on offer . May I ask what the purpose of the loan is ?
There's a lot that you need to do this morning .
if you aren't thin , you're nobody .
Well , she is thinking of doing some household cleaning or baby sitting in the community .
I know a couple who divorced a week after getting married .
I thought that he was with Malia .
No , it doesn't cost anything .
Where did you learn it ?
Jenny , come and help , we need to prepare more food .
Sir but what exactly is making everyone so angry ?
Could you get me the pepper from the cupboard ?
These vegetables taste very sweet .
Where should I park ?
That ' s great . Thanks very much . Would you like a cup of tea or coffee ?
I wish to have a job in which I can make good use of my strengths and have further improvement . And your company meets all my requirements .
The heat is driving crazy and I hate my new hat .
I don't know how to deal with Jack . He is indeed a trouble maker . He has loused up my business several times .
There are about 20 main spots and some other small spots .
Not really . It's much warmer usually . Your are not used to cold weather ?
Welcome to the Consultancy Department , I'm Greg Wu . What can I assist you with today ?
Oh , yes !
Sam , what shall I do with my stocks ? Will I lose money ?
Hi honey ! You ' ll never guess what ! My friends Julie and Alex are getting married !
A moment please , sir . Yes , I can confirm 10 rooms for those days .
We want what we call a clean sample . Urinate a drop or so into the toilet , and then stop the flow and urinate into the cup .
Ah ! That sounds interesting .
Waltz is my favorite . I like it better than any other dances .
You mean he plays well ? Yeah , he often scores by free kicks in crucial games . But a football match is by no means merely a show of taking free kicks .
I know , but that movie was just too good to leave . I guess I'll just have to pay the price and be sleepy .
How much is the fare , please ?
There ' s a possibility .
I'm guessing that she's going to give me my invite today or tomorrow .
No , double B for Bravo
Could you come and help me mend the computer , Neel ?
Hmm , I ' ll pass . Hopefully I can find a decent place that won ' t cost a fortune .
Well , Mr . Li has very good taste in wine , and Galp is one of the biggest clients . I suggest you take them to a decent French restaurant . Make sure you make a very good impression .
Do we need an appointment beforehand ?
Are you ? What are you busy with ?
Don't worry . You can't lose all your money . because you won't gamble all your money .
Take this medicine three times a day .
Ugh , I feel terrible . I went out last night with Trevor , and things got a little out of hand .
sure , I am a total internet junkie , I can't survive without internet .
Venice . I have great interests in the boats .
Wow , it is quite far away from here . I'm afraid you're gonna have to take Bus No . 713 .
Oh , okay . Thanks .
May , could you bring this note to Professor Li for me today ?
I must confess I have an ulterior motive for asking you to lunch .
What did you mean ?
As much as I love this city , I think I'm going to find a greener city to live in . Living in a polluted city like this just can't be good for my health .
You can go to the Employment Development Office and pick it up .
Hi , Mary , you have been a secretary for several years in this company . Could you tell me what a secretary should do for a meeting or a conference ?
Lindsay , of course , I will be more than happy to recommend her to you .
You gotta have some better deodorant .
You are sick , young lady . Get back in bed ! I called you in sick today , so you're going to lie down and fight that flu !
Yes , I just forgot where the bed linens department is .
He said he had to get rid of them . They were stolen .
I'm not . I get a stomachache just thinking about it .
Yes , that's exactly it . How much tip shall we give the waiter ?
Thank you . Would you hang up and wait ?
I think that might work for me as well .
Oh , it ' s love at first sight .
I don't know really . What ' s the fashional color this year ?
But their love is touching !
Yes , I have a list of extensions .
How can I help you ?
I see . So let me get this straight . If I borrow let ' s say , ten thousand dollars , how much will I have to pay each month ?
Remember last month when we were in Europe ? Maybe Californians use that same system they add the waiter or waitress into the bill , so you don ' t have to leave anything extra .
I don't care .
Both Bob and carl will become somebody in the future . Don ' t you think so ?
Wow ! You're right ! This refrigerator is great . I'll take it .
Well , we'll supply you with an apartment of a bedroom and a living room .
Tell me about the courses of your major in university .
How much will the trip cost ?
Good idea . Where shall we go ?
Are you going to go and visit her and the baby ?
Thank you . Oh , it tastes excellent .
I know , I know , but if I didn ' t buy it for him , he ' d never buy it .
The sea is calm and peaceful . A sea trip is always enjoyable in fine weather like this .
One isn't necessarily better than the other . It depends a lot on the school administration and the teachers .
I feel the same way .
We'll give you our decision in a few days . How can we get in touch with you ?
Just follow the foot movements . Brush left , brush right ... yeah ! That's it !
Yes . If you don't mind sharing room with someone else , there's one available .
It ' s really very good .
No . But it's a bit strange today .
OK ! Then what can I do after I finish it ?
Oh yeah ! I saw a review of that restaurant on television . The reviewer loved it !
Maybe you're right . They will have to develop alternative transportation . But it will be hard in America . Too many people are used to cars . Even in our movies cars are very important .
I have an appointment at one fifteen .
No problem , call me when you're ready to place the rest of your order .
Hello . I'm now trying to take a bath , but there are too many buttons . Would you tell me how to use them ?
Well , no . It just seemed like another bill we ' d have to pay .
it's deep fried vegetables , which is commonly eaten in Japan .
Boarding time is 10:20 am .
Did you vote yesterday ?
Where did you get these peanuts , Mike ?
I'm sorry for the miscalculation . Here's the new bill . Would you mind checking it again ?
I'd like to have this shirt washed and ironed .
Sure ! How about we go home and prepare a couple of sandwiches ?
You are speaking with Ryan . How can I help you ?
What kind of chocolate ?
There will be 4 of us .
Of course . What would you like ?
Then when will you be back again ?
Is it raining right now ?
I would like to take my two weeks vacation time .
Sometimes I forget that we don't have school on Saturdays .
ok . Mmm .
let ' s think realistically about what might happen . How much money do you have in your savings ?
I feel nervous when I face Nova .
They're all waiting for you . Let's join them . I'm going to cut the cake soon .
Fine , but first I need some information about you .
That ' s a great idea . We can really enjoy ourselves without worrying about the kids .
And now ?
I want to meet you . Are you free this evening ?
No , it will not be formal at all . It is a fun time . You will love the game show . Please dress casually . Usually there is an over abandon of drinks , so be careful with that .
We celebrate it on the first Sunday after a full moon on or after the 21st of March .
Nice day , isn't it ?
About two years , but it seems as if I got here yesterday .
Yes , a coffee would be nice , thank you .
Wonderful ! You know what ? I wish you wanted to relax everyday .
In the dustbin ! Why didn't you tell me before ?
I need to look for a new bedroom set .
Yeah , do you see his Adam's apple ? It becomes bigger .
Because I want to change my working environment and seek new challenges .
What ? Really ? I don ' t really want to have to buy a new phone .
Our special tonight is lobster .
I was told my girlfriend was speaking ill of me . It's a real letdown .
You have been here for how long ? Four months now ?
Certainly sir .
How amazing !
It's very kind of you .
It ' s great . Although his father didn ' t agree with that , Tom went through with it .
What date would you check in , Ma ' am ?
I don ' t think he ' s back today .
Oh , you poor thing !
She is quite young and her hair is blond .
Sorry , I overslept . My alarm clock didn't go off this morning .
Hello , Is this EYE computers ?
Have you bought your bus pass yet ?
I got you . Next time . I'll preface a toast with a statement like ' I can't drink any more ' and then drink anyway .
They ' re really running you into the ground . Why don ' t you ask for some time off ? You could take a long weekend and go away somewhere .
Happy Mother's Day to you , Mum !
There's a question I'm not sure whether it is suitable to ask .
One dollar .
Miss Sun , could you please type this report for me ?
So , the quicker I pay it back , the more I can save in interest ? That's excellent . Thanks so much for your information . I'll come in shortly to take the relevant steps for the loan .
Do you have a family tradition at Christmas time ?
Well , the weather is so unpredictable this time of year .
Dreadful . There , the door is open now .
Yes , that's fine . I hope you enjoyed your stay in Boston ?
How long would you like to stay In these cities ?
After this dye job , it feels I look younger .
It can't be true .
Honey , wait for me . I am too tired to move a step further .
A hundred and fifty . No , wait , make that a hundred and sixty .
Have you heard about Jessica's party on Saturday ?
... Okay , I'm done . Here's the form and my old card .
You are so paranoid ! Not everybody is a crook , you know .
Sorry , I'm not interested in vinegar .
I'm afraid I haven't got one in your size .
I don't think so . Your admirer seems kind of sweet . Aren't you even a little curious about him ?
Ok , let ' s start opening some presents !
There will be a party in my company ; what shall I wear ?
Good .
I did phone her this morning , but she hung up on me . I think she is going to walk out on me .
Because he beat me first when I tried to stop him from grabbing my bag and running away .
You can always make an easy breakfast .
On the fourth day , we went to taste the French cuisine . That was really fantastic . And no stomach problems .
It will be held at the Central Music Hall .
Anything you say , Madam .
It is great . But Tom's bike is so much better than mine .
The service wasn't that great , either .
Now I remember . We met at a conference in Tokyo last year .
Yeah , thank you for telling me .
I ' d just like to trim . Don ' t cut too short .
Yes . All the insurance will be linked with your work . We will issue an insurance policy .
Hello . I was wondering if Taylor Smith has checked out yet ?
I love going to live gigs . Are there any good local bands playing around here that you'd recommend ?
Hi , Tom . You forgot to put on your sports shoes ! It's Games Day today !
When will your vacation end ?
Yes . All repairs are billed at cost . We'll only bill you for parts . The on-site service is $ 300 a year after the warranty .
Thanks . I will wait you at my home .
Really ? Look at the toe of this shoe . It is worn out .
I really like it here .
That's a good idea . I hear Mary and Sally often go there to play singsong . Perhaps we can make a foursome with them .
I appreciate your help . Maybe I'll be back for more computer stuff .
Stand on the chair , Pig Tom . Use your brain .
Yes . The gas station is on the left . And you can't miss it .
That's because you did well .
Operator , I want to make a collect overseas phone call to Beijing .
I will make full use of the chance and get myself ready for the challenges all the time .
Beg your pardon ?
Hello , may I speak to Kevin , please ?
Yes , the weather is wonderful , the game is wonderful and the players are wonderful .
Visa .
Thank you . Please confirm your information and sign your name in the blank .
My pleasure . Just a little while , your order will be ready very soon . Please enjoy your lunch .
Certainly . Go ahead .
You can't give me a break ?
I'd swear that's Eddy from circulation .
Yes , but we can ' t deny that animals are vulnerable , defenseless , and are completely at the mercy of human beings .
That restaurant has six parking spaces .
Really ? But you were in first class ! Nobody woke that guy up ?
No , I'm not . I try and try and I still can't speak it very well .
It's loaded ! For example , it's got a 256 color , LCD screen that rotates 360 degrees , and switches to black and white in power save mode . Also , it has a low-light mode for night shooting and touch screen menu controls that are really convenient .
I can't believe it !
I'm going to Ireland this summer .
Oh , it's made of wool . I like the striped pattern .
Nope , lost again . But , it was a good game .
Fine , sir . We can accommodate you .
Good morning , Ms Chan . What can I get you today ?
Tomorrow is Sunday . Let's go out and get some fresh air .
Oh , this's easy . You can take the subway to 34 street . You'll see it as you get out .
I'm not cooking dinner .
So that's  14 . 15 for me and  16 . 50 for you .
Is flight ZW203 a direct one ?
What do you think of your teacher ?
Many thanks .
This is your table .
I just can't right now . Everyone will be talking about Taylor and ...
Hello , Sunshine Travel Agency .
Can you tell me about some good deals on produce ?
Don't we all ... hey ! Your cousin sells gift items ?
That's very sensible of you . We have many fresh graduates applying for credit cards , getting them and then going on a spending spree and being unable to meet the repayments .
Yes , they have three grandchildren-one girl and two boys .
When I went up there , it wasn't full at all .
I ' m sick of my job , I always have to work late at night , and the company keeps me working in the office .
I think with International Business a language would be appropriate .
Exactly ! Oh , my god ! I love Britney ! I'm going to get it .
OK . Great idea !
Can you make it on Tuesday ?
Thank you . Here ' s your change and receipt .
Daddy , I want to buy a ten-speed-sportsman .
Can I collect unemployment benefits ?
The Russian team needs to tie the Ukraine to get the pass for the final .
I ' m starving , too . There is a new Chinese restaurant close by . Do you want to go there for lunch ?
Well you know , it's a time to get together with all your family and be thankful for everything !
Thanks . Would you like to have one more slice ?
To your offer of three hundred and twenty thousand dollars , the owners have counter-offered three hundred and thirty-five thousand dollars .
Can I give you a lift home , Mrs . Word ?
But the parking might be .
I ' m upset , too .
I almost want to send him a virus to shut his stupid computer down .
How do you like it ?
Charles , do you have any children ?
Well , think about it . We are a society that is always on the go , not because we have to , but because we want to .
That's exactly what I want . How much does it charge ?
I know this characteristic of him . So I never think seriously of his words .
Probably routine , dull work . Oh , I am much more enthusiastic if I'm given a challenge and responsibility .
Johnny , are you just sitting around again ?
Hectic . It's always hectic . But how was your windsurfing ?
And when are they coming to visit us ?
You are not going to believe this . Do you remember the dress we saw at Mayors that was so beautiful and expensive ? I got it today at half price .
Would you like rice with your meal ?
Has anything been upsetting you lately ?
I know life is not all roses , and I believe I will pull this through .
Not at all . I ' m an agnostic . Do you ?
What ' s your address , your name and your phone number ?
Did you go shopping ?
Well , I like reading , walking , swimming , hiking and playing basketball
What are you going to do to it ?
I want to change my hairstyle . What would you suggest ?
But he's really kind at heart .
What other information does the form ask for ?
Well , there are lots of things to consider . Quality and delivery times are as important as price . We also take into consideration technical support and after-sales service . We look for companies with a good track record . We place a few trial orders and if everything goes well , we put them on our approved list . It's important to choose companies you feel you can work closely with .
Well , I want to draw out 4,000 yuan .
I agree . I heard in the western countries , almost everyone likes coffee . Is that true ?
Some friends of my parents live out there , and they invited me there .
Yes , it is . Are you in a hurry sir ?
Yes . It says here , ' He who only half breathes , half lives . '
I am hoping that this test goes well for me .
Good morning , Room Service . May I help you ?
Wow , this is drop-dead gorgeous .
When would you like to fly ?
Are they to be dry-cleaned ?
I am worried about my future . I can't believe that our company is as big as it is . The company can only continue to grow by taking care of its staff .
I ' m sorry , Sam . I don ' t want to foc-concert .
Welcome to the electronic age ! I can run you through it ; it's what I'm here for .
Which kind would you like ? We have five different varieties of facials .
I need to get ground beef .
Can you do it ?
Sure . This one here just came out . It's got great 3D graphics and a cool story line . It's also got a multiplayer function so you can play against other people on the Internet .
I don ' t know why I married him .
Well , I play sports indoors quite often . If I ' m feeling lazy , I just watch a film at home . I prefer summer to winter .
I would like to exchange this dress .
I know . I was expecting my wife , you see , and thought it was her .
Thanks . I will ask him .
Hello . Can I help you , ma'am ?
well , what's the problem then ?
I couldn't make it .
I know what you mean . However , there are so few places left that have not been affected by global warming . If it's not the pollution , then it's the natural disasters , deforestation , or the greenhouse effect .
How much money are you making a month ?
That's good . So I guess I'll have to make an appointment to see you .
Really ? I ' m so sorry I bothered you . I ' ll try again .
I kind of don't want to leave any tip for the lousy service we received .
How would you like your hair cut , sir ?
Well . You ' Ve come prepared . I have all the necessary materials so we can go ahead and make the transfer right now . It ' s a simple transaction , and we can process it today .
No problem . No matter what ' s wrong with it , I can surely meet your satisfaction .
I thought he was maybe gay , but I wasn't sure . Anyhow , you don't expect me to go into a gay bar , do you ?
What a pity . Can you recommend a nice restaurant near here ?
Amanda told some very funny jokes . At the beginning of the party , she was being ver serious .
Mom ! I was just picking my nose , and now it's bleeding .
I ' m definitely taking them to court .
You're right . Would you please show me some embroidery ? I also want to buy some embroidered tablecloths to match the tapestry .
I know what you mean , there wasn't old action movie next . I think you won't like it .
Why did you call me ?
Welcome to our company , My name is Jon Dahl Green . I'm in charge of the export department . Let me give you my business card .
Well I hate to tell you this Jen , but both of William's grandmothers passed away more than five years ago .
The counselors were so nice too . It was the best summer ever . Except for all those mosquitoes !
Oh , your precious game . You watch the same game every year , and each year your beloved hometown team loses by at least three goals !
A well-learned person never does that .
Your speech should not call attention to itself , but should reveal your individuality and ability .
Hello ? Is the real Taylor in there ?
Yup , that ' s him . He made millions of dollars selling bonds to people and ended up with a pile of cash when they became useless .
Network is omnipresent nowadays . It's quite convenient for people . You see , we can download music and information from the Internet ; I can study from it , too . And the most of all , we can compose , send , and receive e-mails .
Alright . Have you been to see a doctor ?
I agree with you . But now we have to wait . The sky is overcast , and it is very sultry . I fear a thunder storm is brewing .
Hopeful ! Thank you .
I ... I ...
yes . Which one is the brake again ?
Sure , Brian . What ' s on your mind ?
Thank you very much . If your price is suitable , then we can make further discussion of contract .
Oh , I'm going for a trip to New York this autumn . What's the weather like in New York ?
Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ?
Is it the rush hour now ?
I don't think they sell Kit Kats .
Well , good-bye and have a good trip !
Only 2 dollars and 25 cents .
Well , thank you very much .
What did you say ?
Terrific . There is one girl said , It is the best game I've ever watched .
You did spend too much , and most of the expense was kind of unnecessary .
Alright . With shipping charges , your total will be 68 dollars . Will you be paying with credit ?
Oh dear . That ' s terrible . What was in your wallet ?
No . I am Canadian . Are you Chinese ?
I think you ' ll find that many people believe what they read in gossip columns . You ' d also have to be very careful about every word you said . If you appeared on a chat show and said something silly , it would be reported in all the newspapers and magazines .
I don't try to get in front of people and lead them , particularly . I'd rather cooperate with everybody else , and get the job done by working together .
I couldn ' t careless .
Cut it out . Look at my smile , and it seems like the flowers in the spring . Right ?
That is expensive .
That ' s wonderful . Thank you .
I think you have a point .
I have working knowledge of Windows and Dos . Actually , I'm quite familiar with both Java and C Programming Languages .
He thought he could take Jimmy in , but you know , Jimmy is no fool .
What bills are included in the rent ?
Excuse me , sir , may I take your order now ?
How about printing a warning on each cigarette packet ?
Mr . Foster , we will be expecting you this Tuesday at 7
You , too .
Sorry , we have sold out the tickets .
Not a problem . I can just trade my plate with his .
I ' m looking for a budget hotel in Orlando . Have you ever stayed at the Comfort Hotel ?
Fine . I'll just get out the casserole dish , the saucepan , the salad bowl , and the baking sheet .
I'm going to try to find out where the school is located .
I chose the Institute of Foreign Language .
Very well , here are the general terms of our loan policies . We pride ourselves in having the lowest interest rate in the country for personal loans .
I would know if I bought something that expensive .
What kind of teaching certificate do you have ?
Yes , I see . I'll take it . Here ' s $ 200 .
Do you think you'll be able to come in tomorrow ? Or should I call off your appointments for tomorrow too ?
Look at me . I look so old ! I look as if I were thirty .
Go easy . Overwork is bad for your health .
poor you . It seems we are in the same boat .
Your ID card , please .
I think the government fined him a small amount , and he kept the rest in his foreign bank accounts . He ' s still a millionaire .
Yes , it will be your utmost interest to protect your intellectual property such as your innovations , idea , designs and copyrights in your target country .
What is your return policy just in case he doesn't like them ?
That's because you don't exercise . If you were more active , you wouldn't have a dieting problem .
I see . What job did you have in mind .
Well , it's our fault . We are sorry for that . Would you please fill out the form ? We will pay for you .
You are right about that . It's quiet and very convenient . You can get to the bus and the subway stations within ten minutes ' walk . There's a grocery store , a book store , a gym , and many restaurants along the street .
Can I see the rainbow ?
Oh that ' s a lovely necklace .
Yeah , they are my wife's heaven , but not mine . I always get lost in the supermarket .
Good morning . Phyllis Seymour speaking .
I can't agree with you . We have quotation from other sources too . Their prices are lower than yours .
Excuse me . Can I change my seat with you ? I want to sit beside my friend .
No , I have to do this ; it's important !
And how much for haircut with shampoo ?
Please fill out the form .
Wow , is that your sports car ?
Did I do something wrong ?
In a 40 mph zone , I was only going about 35 .
Well , it all looks so good . How about ordering the steamed prawns ?
Well , as you know , I have a Bachelor's degree in English literature and that's served me well so far , but I've always wanted to do some post-graduate work ... maybe even get a Doctorate !
Uh huh . How about a used car ? They've got good ones now .
When does it arrive ?
I'll get you for that comments , George .
No , I didn ' t . I gave them a really good clean , so they just look new . The worktop was in poor condition , so I had a new one added .
I've had that problem too many times . So I learned to save . When I'm writing something , I save every three sentences or so . I don't want to lose anything .
You should pay close attention to your manner of speaking . Speech is a reflection of personality , you know . You should reflect confidence by speaking in a low voice , loud enough to be heard without being aggressive or overpowering .
What time exactly ?
No , he's still sleeping .
How do I get there on foot ?
Would you tell me the nature of the problem , sir ?
This is the White Rose Restaurant . May I help you ?
I have really bad poison oak and can ' t stop itching .
I like to read Fortune .
Art galleries , cathedrals , statues , fountains , palaces , bistros , there's really too much to say .
Well , the best I can do is to lower the price by 5 percent if you are willing to pay 90 % cash of front and 10 % on delivery . That is our best offer .
Thank you very much . Here is 500 dollars .
Have you got a single room for Monday evening , please ?
All right . Let's call it quits and go home .
His name is not fat boy ! You can be so rude sometimes .
I should take the taller one for the choice .
Anything valuable in it ?
Really ? How do you know that ?
I'm throwing a party on Friday .
then what ? Your plane was three hours late !
Why ? He did something wrong .
Would it be all right if I went home next weekend ?
my computer just crashed again for the third time today !
I ' ll have the leg of lamb .
I'm not on a diet though .
All right , we'll take it .
I'm happy to hear that , sir . Your reservation is all set except for your phone number .
Okay . Can you give me a reply tomorrow ?
You mentioned you have a dog , most pet owners sign up for this weekly newsletter that has information on dog care , pet shops and even pet sitters !
Well , I want to surprise my brother showing up for his birthday .
It would be a really good choice . The movie is very suitable for lovers to see together . I'm sure you won't regret it .
Well , I can give you those figures now over the phone , is that okay ? Or do you need them in writing ?
That's too bad . Can I take another train ?
Good morning ! Is Mr . Smith in ? I'm Cheng Jun from China National Petroleum Corporation . I'd like to see him .
It is in the DX community , Room 306 , No . 2 building . It is very easy to find . Just ask the guard at the entrance .
Nice ! So , where did you guys go ?
I might make nothing even if I stay . For that kind of risk , I want to get rich .
Do you do a lot of your shopping online ?
Let me run through a couple of other options with you . That way , you can make a more informed decision .
I have a headache . Is there anything I can buy without a prescription ?
I've really been working a lot lately .
Okay . I have canceled your reservation , Mr . Smith .
Colorado .
Do I need to pay to use it ?
Sure . That would be great . Good luck .
Would you like some drinks ?
Textile is a traditional industry , which has completely catalogue , and solid basis and has developed in the past few years . the export is great , counting more than 25 % of export products
It's so pleasant after the bad weather we've been having .
I love it when the weather is like this . Why don't we sit down outside and have our lunch ?
I was watching the news a little earlier . They said it's probably going to snow tomorrow .
I agree . That ' s why Christopher is already looking for a job in Maine , or Wisconsin .
Shall I light the stove ?
How did you do that ?
Well , don ' t be late . I ' ll see you on Friday at Helen ' s .
You must know you've been scheduled to have an operation the day after
Let me see . Oh , you're at the wrong gate . Your plane leaves from Gate No . 8 .
Can I leave a message please ?
Do you know which bus I can take to PCC ?
Really ? I ' d rather have the chicken feet to be honest .
Let ' s rock n ' roll .
Aside from yourself , who are the other members of the band ?
Do you want me to take you ?
I see . Do you live in this neighborhood , too ?
This is a very good meeting , Liz .
Do you have a lot on your mind when you try to go to sleep ?
B :: I'm such a fool that duplication of effort is only a waste time to me .
oh , we ' d like the buffet please . We ' Ve heard it ' s very good .
That's good . When can I go to see the house ?
Oh , you can rest assured that they'll be no problem .
I prefer summer , especially the summer evenings . When the sun comes down , it is so nice to take a walk and breathe . After a rain shower , the smell of the air is refreshing . It is also a best reason for ice-cream .
Sally , I ' m tired of this Western food . I really miss my mother ' s Sichuan cooking .
I've been thinking of taking I've been thinking of taking a Crazy English course . Do you think it's a good idea
Hey ! Watch out ! You're using the same spoon for both broths !
Good morning . Thank you .
Both our countries are quite small . How would you describe the landscape in your country ?
When I entered the room , I forgot to close the door . Later , I couldn ' t help smoking , you know I am a heavy-smoker . What ' s more , I forgot to polish my shoes . There is some dirt on it .
Very well , thanks , I will probably finish next week , but this is still a lot of work , I have been worked on in for six months , and i ' m so closed to end . I can feel it .
How long do you want to sign a contract for ?
I will have sole then .
Does five thirty work for you ?
I know . i could not believe it when i got hit by that storm . it was pouring with rain all afternoon .
How beautiful the detached house is !
I have no idea . Could you recommend some to me ?
I didn't know you knew Frank .
nothing particular .
how about the rice ?
Fine . I have your letter and I've made some notes .
Turn right at the second traffic light and you will see it on your left .
Would you mind if I use your tape-recorder ?
Yes , that's fine . I'll take it . Can I pay by check ?
I think he won't remember White Day .
Every so often . It is very convenient and the price is lower than in stores .
Sorry . I take that back . I mean the copper Buddha you wanted .
We guarantee our product for two years .
I have both , but I usually use my car to get to school .
Here's the money . And get some salt .
I try to do that , but I can ' t get up early enough .
It must be a unique experience . I ' m looking forward to share your story when you come back .
What about the expression goodbye ? Is that an idiom ?
What do you need me to do ?
Now may I check this book out ?
Where are you ?
I have had an incredible boss , who was my direct supervisor during the last year of my coop work experience . A-bout two months after I began working for her , she really let me spread my wings . She encouraged me to work independently , because she said she had come to trust my judgment and commitment . So I was able to move forward on projects without having to check in with her every day . Of course , I made certain that she knew what I had accomplished on a daily and weekly basis because I gave her summary reports , although she didn't specifically ask me to . Without her support and encouragement , I don't think I would have felt confident enough to have written up a proposal suggesting that the department change a process that had been in place for a long time . But she was open to suggestions , so long as employees could back them up with research and facts . When I submitted my suggestion , she reviewed it and told me where she thought it needed more work . She then took my revised proposal to her boss . He was a more conservative type , but she lobbied him to try It for several weeks . He did , and it was so successful that it was instituted as a permanent change . I've also worked for some very difficult bosses in summer and part-time jobs . And while I'd certainly prefer to work for one like I've just described , I'm the kind of person who can get along with just about anyone .
Do we have the same classes today ?
I'd like to , but I've got to write a term paper . It will be due by this Thursday .
Yes , I did . I send most of them a week ago . I ' Ve brought some with me to the party to give to people in person .
Sure . I teach history in a university . Have you heard of Dong-Hai University ?
Um , okay . Well , I just want a trim . Nothing too fancy .
Right . Just take off your jacket and shirt . And lie down on that bed over there ... That's right ... Now , just hold up your right arm , will you ? ... Does this hurt ?
Did your company go union ? I heard that many companies in out industry are being unionized , so It's getting harder and harder to compete on a level playing field .
And people are honest ?
I have a special party tonight , and I'd like to change my style . Actually , I ' m thinking about a perm . My sister is getting married next month . I think that if I have a perm now , I'll look very natural by then . What do you say ?
They ' re not all right . They ' re uncomfortable and they look terrible .
Is there any service charge ?
I agree . The colors must be soft and pleasant . You should feel comfortable when you cook our dinners .
Enjoy your food ! Bye !
I can't believe she would do that to you . It's so dishonest-and rude !
I see . You are one of my favourite customers , Mr Brown . I'm more than happy to help . For Comprehensive Credit Granting , IBA will grant a promised quota for you , that is , if you qualify . Of course , your credit record , within you field of trade needs to be up to scratch .
Oh , I see . People who don't understand the nature of flowers won't be able to grow them well . I can help you learn more if you want to plant flowers one day . In this way you need not be afraid of your own sweet flower-garden's being neglected .
You also need to prepare formal clothes for the interview ; a suit should be the best .
I'm calling about our appointment . I can't call on you this evening . My wife is terribly ill .
Thanks a lot
Do you often suffer from backache ?
That'd be very helpful . An extra weekend is all they really need . Thanks .
Yes , she is . By the way , what is the best season in Beijing ?
Yes . An iguana is too strange for a gift , and a tie is too normal . So I have to find something halfway between .
Good morning , Mary .
I agree . But I think although it has some negative effects , on the whole Internet does more good to us than harm .
All right , I see . Why do you want to work for a Sino-American joint venture enterprise now ?
Yes , but I am on holidays this week .
Do they have any grandchildren ?
Sure . Does she know your friend ?
One thing I love our boss for is that he always knows when to give you a pay raise without being asked for .
Yes , I did . I lost it . It disappeared .
Thirty meters ahead is the Waterloo Bridge .
Yep . And relive those good old high school days .
I wonder if it keeps good time .
I really need to go shopping .
There were several rooms , but the worst leak was in the bathroom .
Well , I've never heard of a little girl that didn't love Barbie dolls .
Open your mouth and say ah ... God , you are suffering from the swelling of tonsils .
Don ' t get me wrong ! It ' s just that you seem so young and already doing business overseas !
This is the first floor . The second floor is one level up .
Because General , his dog , got sick .
Yeah . Oh well , how about a game of cards instead ?
Well , I ' d like to have my coat to order . Will you take my measurements ?
A little expensive . But I'll buy it anyway . It's hard for me to get a perfect one . Here is 200 Yuan .
Is there anything wrong ?
Because I like the feeling of cooperating with others .
2 should be enough , for each one has at least 30 seats . There will be some seats to spare .
What will the girls do ?
Go down this road and then turn left .
Maybe you should .
Where did you get assigned to go this time around ?
I'm sorry to hear that . Why do you think so ?
Yes . That's why I like the house .
I say we get drunk tonight . I don't want to think about all this stuff .
I need to use the Internet .
You can park in the student parking structure .
Did you like it ?
Hello , Anna . Come in and sit down .
It's a big jump in science . Maybe more like a leap .
Have you hurt yourself ?
What are we going to do now ?
What time do you open and close on Saturday ?
I am worried about how I am going to pay my tuition .
How are we going there , by bike or by bus ?
I really don't want to go by myself .
Where are DAK headquarters ?
Uh ... no .
I think something must be done .
If I need to know the price , I ' ll just look at the label .
Hello , Mary .
Do you give me a bonus ?
Donna ? Well . She is about 20 . She is very lovely and I think you will like her . What about Paul ?
I am not sure .
Hello , Steven . Annie said that you and Julia have had a quarrel , haven ' t you ?
Oh , Mike . How are you doing ?
I plan to repay it within 2 years . And the interest ?
Excellent . Come in please . The washing machine is in the bathroom upstairs . It keeps breaking down .
I really don ' t know that much about putting together a resume .
Do you mean the contract for equipment rental or the one for training ?
Where did you go yesterday ?
Did you enjoy your dinner ?
Well , you ' re in the right store . If they don ' t have it , no one will .
Sure . I ' Ve never seen a dragon boat race .
Have you bought a lot of new clothes for your vacation ?
I really have no idea . All I know is that the thought of him really curls my hair !
I go to Sons for my groceries .
Well , what about violet ? It means the eternal beauty .
Yes ?
Certainly , it's a pleasure .
No problem at all , Mike . Just give me the chance .
My friend , who had the mishap , wants to take us to dinner to show her gratitude for helping her .
Get new friends .
I quite agree with you . They are terrible . They are complete waste of time , but my wife disagrees with me .
That's right . I thought I'd give it a shot .
Do you get much rain during the summer ?
Yes , sir . Can I help you ?
What are you talking about ? We had a great time . We laughed and talked all night last time .
cool .
lt sounds like the story of my life .
I hear a noise and feel vibrations when step on the brake .
Susan , I haven't seen you in the pub for a long time .
That is OK . We have photo taking service here . You may pay your fee , take a photo there and take it back here .
O . K . , so it ' s this one ?
Oh , that's good . I guess the caddies were pleased .
You seem to like her very much , don't you ?
I would like to discuss purchasing a home with you .
OK . Please hold on a minute . So you checked in on Monday and stayed 3 nights in single room 1005 . Is that right ?
Perfect . So , I guess my next job is to go to the newsagent and buy some car magazines . Thanks for everything .
I am quite outgoing , I think . I enjoy mixing and doing things with other people .
I've searched everywhere . Where on earth did I put it ?
What's the minimum deposit for opening a current account ?
I think your background and experience are worth the compensation .
It's my pleasure . How many copies would you want ?
sounds good ! Let's go !
Moderate exercise is really important for health . ' Life lies in movement . '
Here's a twenty .
Pay attention to keeping eye contact as well .
This street used to have few stores . But now , you can see supermarkets , shopping malls and department stores everywhere .
By the way , does acupuncture hurt ?
Ah , yes , that's right .
Does this mean that if i might want those new European bitches , i am supposed to wonder run reget ?
Oh , really ? Just a moment ... You paid with a ten-dollar note and I gave you ... Oh , sorry , here's a five left . I'm terribly sorry .
1336 yuan .
Oh , this is Monica
I am putting a tourniquet on your arm to plump up the vein . It will only feel like a little pin prick .
Every class reunion is organized by the president and council and anything our class does for the school in later years is headed by the president .
Hey , Andrew . How's everything with work ?
Yes , Sir . We can provide these loans in both local and foreign currency , Temporary Working Capital Loans , Short-term Working Capital Loans and Mid-term Working Capital Loans .
Your company is very reputed in this city . I heard much praise to your company .
Oh , yes ! I completely forgot about it .
I usually bowl with an eight ball . I like the control of a light ball . I can spin it more , so that the ball hooks .
I am not surprised , you eat too much .
Oh , do you really like it ?
It doesn't matter . This one is fine .
Sure ! Are you okay ? You seem a bit worried . What ' s on your mind ?
Is there anything else that doesn't cost as much ?
Sure . Take a seat , please . What would you like to know ?
Would you recommend some places for sightseeing ?
... Okay , that's it . Here's the form , and here's my old card to use as a model .
We have tons of furniture . What we need are air conditioners .
Three twenty-five cent stamps , please .
Well , the starting salary for a clerk in our company is 2,500 yuan monthly and after three months he would get a raise if his work is satisfactory .
That doesn't really sound like something I would be interested in . In any case , I just wash my face every night and use sunscreen during the day .
Yes . I got very excited .
most of the time we were lucky , but once a tree from our front yard was ripped out by its roots and ended up in our living room .
Don't give me that . If you're hungry , then cook dinner .
No . A Walk in the Woods .
Is what you said really true ?
I hope you can come to our company to work .
You're from New York , aren't you ?
My name is Gavin White . I was born and raised in London . After high school , I went to Edinburgh University . I worked for one year to pay for my tuition and then got my Bachelor ' s degree there . Now I've come here to get my Master ' s degree . I am glad to meet all of you and I hope we will become good friends .
I sure did ! What about you ?
Do you want conditioner ?
I'm not a VIP .
Of course . It's 33234 . That will put you in touch with a Personal Banker .
Do you want to go to an exhibition ? There is one at the Xinghai Exhibition Hall tomorrow .
I offer you 110 yuan .
Thank you for your hospitality . I hope I didn't cause you too much trouble during my stay .
I don't know ... well , I guess I'll take them , since you don't seem to have anything better .
But some classmates said you took the money .
Of course . I spent so much time at my old workplace that I got to know them all very well . They were like family to me .
No -- That ' s all right . How about the 30th at 4:00 p . m . ? -- Is an hour enough ?
You have an unusual accent , Mr . Robbins . Where are you from originally ? If you don ' t mind me asking .
Can you describe their taste ?
What does MI mean ?
How much is the service charge ?
OK . But I'm not familiar . I don't know the beginning part .
Mr . Ben , What do you think of the book ?
absolutely . With your expertise and experience , you're clearly working below your pay grade .
Dark blue .
Hello , this is Francis .
Wait a minute ... do you have an account with us ?
Certainly . Let me see . Oh , it's on that shelf .
No . I transferred here from a different school .
That needs to be cut into thin strips about 3 cm long and then it can be stir-fried on its own until its cooked through .
Hello , Mr . Brown , long time no see . Where have you been ?
I have a scholarship from my government for four years . How about you ?
In the shoe department . I had to show it to pay for these shoes with my traveler's cheques .
Will I be informed that my friend gets the letter ?
How mush would it cost if someone parks here for one hour and ten minutes ?
I hear little Bob has recovered .
That's right . If sick days were mandatory , sick people would stay home . We wouldn't have these company-wide epidemics .
Six days or so .
Let's go to work . We want to have the tree ready to light up by evening .
Sure , no problem .
But I ' Ve reserved a room the day before yesterday .
Yeah , but we still need RIB 500,000 . Maybe we can use some of our savings to pay part of it .
What else is there at the EDD offices that can help me with my job search ?
I must catch the nine-thirty train .
I really enjoy the beach in the summer .
This skirt is too tight . I would like to return it please . Do I need to go to the customer's service desk ?
I'm probably going to buy something too .
Have you made a reservation , sir ?
OK . I guess I could add something . Tell them that I send my love .
Don't talk too much , Tom . We are on duty today , we should hurry up .
Why would I spy on you ?
Let's plan a surprise party for him !
Yes . He was excellent . They worked well together .
Good morning , Linda . How have you been ?
Very well , consider me gone .
Oh , it's love at first sight . When will you see each other again ?
This room is overrun with cockroaches .
It's a cute little teddy bear !
Many children are learning drawing , dancing , swimming and so on in their spare time . You can follow suit .
You know , I really must be going now or I'll be very late . Can you give me a call tomorrow an we'll decide ?
Great , I'll take one .
Hello . I would like to buy some business cards .
Join us , will you ?
Our first meeting is next Monday . Could you meet with us at that time ?
By the way , what's the charge for the tailoring ?
Could you give me a description of your case ?
Yes , so I want to learn French to develop my career .
Er ... I'd like to know what time it is now .
not bad . Have you heard Wendy divorced her husband ?
maybe you should try a cappuccino or a latte ; they taste much better than plain brewed coffee .
Yeah . I ' m still learning how to control his behavior and my temper . My child is almost two years old , and I ' Ve learnt the distraction technique when he cries for something .
It's weekend again , I'm glad I can arrange for my personal matters .
You were too busy looking at Joseph , and you weren't paying attention to the road .
How much would you like ?
The company will have to choose a good advertising firm . And then there's the problem of quality . How do we convince American buyers that our quality is good ?
what was your impression of her when you saw her in person ?
It's leap my mind . I really feel terrible about it .
Is the restaurant on the right or on the left hand side of the road ?
Yes , I want one with automatic transmission .
It's under the table .
I have to work this Tuesday .
I have this list of stuff that I need and I only have half the dough .
When did that happen ?
Do you know what the temperature is today ?
No , that ' s no problem . I ' m sorry to hear you ' re not feeling well . Get some rest . If you need to see a doctor , let me know .
It was seven feet tall .
I had no idea -- and look at these charges for movies !
That sounds like a nightmare !
The boat time-table is effective from the first of August till the first of November
No , don't try to tempt me . I'm becoming chubby , and I have to slender down .
Nothing ?
Do you have a cell phone ?
The first step is to determine your eligibility for a U . S . visa . Let's see here ... you're applying for a special business visa . Why is that ?
What would you like , sir ?
This weekend would be OK with me .
I was thinking of taking off from September first until the thirtieth . Would you be okay with that ?
Yes . Will you ?
Guangzhou . I've got a cousin there .
Can you see a Post Office somewhere around here ?
You mean the one with the yellow bricks ? But last time I saw it , it wasn ' t really in business yet . I saw some people inside furnishing the rooms . Is it open now ?
Short on both sides . Not so much in the middle .
Howdy folks , and welcome to today ' s game ! You know , Rick , today is a key game between Russia and Canada . As you know , the winner will move on to the finals .
It ' s my pleasure .
That's great . Did you start dating right after you met , or did you become friends first ?
The coast of your country is very varied . The coast of my country is just made up of sandy beaches .
Cool , we can take the football , shuttlecock and badminton racket to the park .
All right . Is your companion leaving for Shanghai with you ?
Our offer is RIB 300 per tape-recorder , F . O . B . Tianjin .
May I ask who's calling , please ?
Ok . This is your cubicle . At first , you ' ll be responsible to me . Later , you ' ll be working more independently .
You ladies look very elegant in black . But I don't want you to wear black in my honor for a long time yet to come ...
I remember . What time do they need to be there ?
Hey , John . Nice car .
That sounds appealing . OK , we will have that .
I think they need a little trimming .
How do you know ? You haven ' t seen her since high school . I guess your evenings , whatever you do with them , are just too valuable .
That's O . K . Maybe his wife will spill the beans !
Do you feel like going to see a movie tonight ?
Yes . I can't find my sweater . I have my laundry sent to you yesterday but when the washing is done . I find my swatter missing .
Mine was ok , except that no one in my class speaks English . I guess it will force me to converse in Chinese more in class so at least I should improve a lot this semester .
On July 7 , I have to be there well before twelve o ' clock .
Well , honestly speaking , I went to watch it out of curiosity . I'd say it's really a special art form .
It's a camera .
I didn ' t say I ' d already decided , dad . I said it was for me to decide . There is a difference .
That's because I went to school for each class when I was at school . So now I am much more clever than you .
Okay , what time is my meeting in London ?
Yeah , it's true . What is she going to do ?
Return the money to Jim and make an apology . I think he will forgive you .
Do you know a bus that goes to the Gold Line station ?
God ! Even talking about it makes me feel like l'm gaining weight !
All right . See you tomorrow .
Believe me , it's worth the price .
An MBA , hey . . . well my degree wasn't in business , the business schools won't be interested in me .
Yes , he said it would be better for me and for the whole family . But I simply can not quit working .
They are $ 168 .
How much luggage can I take for my flight ?
How would you describe your relationship with your last two supervisors ?
Well , I think you prepare it well and capture good savings , retiring early can give you a lot more time for travel and other activities , you should get out and enjoy the life you still can't , don't you think ?
I would like to have a dishwasher and central air conditioning .
Today is my wife's birthday , so I want to buy a bouquet for her .
That's probably because he grades on a curve .
Yes , what's the problem ?
Ok . Ask away .
Where's the nearest bank ?
I wanted to have a talk with you about your son .
But I'm afraid it will take too much of my time .
Is there anything else you need help finding ?
Thank you . Come back to my office at the same time tomorrow . I'll have the pictures ready by then .
I feel I work harder when I am under pressure .
So what did you get ?
Come upstairs .
Yes , here is the form .
I'm afraid not . The price is very moderate .
I don't know , but you know how to surround yourself with great friends !
Ok . I need to discuss it with our manager . We'll let you have our firm offer next week .
I need help preparing for my presentation on Friday .
when's the last time you had it serviced ?
I have some lotion that the doctor gave me , as well as an antihistamine .
Yes , it's much better than yesterday .
Hi Jane , you look great .
Wang , I'd like you to meet my friend . Dou , this is Wang .
Then I ' ll pick you up at six thirty . OK ?
Yes , I worked in a fashion shop as a part time salesgirl .
So what ?
everything's great . And you ?
Fantastic ! I enjoy clubbing , especially those clubs with live bands . The only fly in the ointment is that the air is bad , full of smoke , and the music is too loud , so conversations are not really possible . Once I nearly got burnt by a cigarette .
Yes . And I took many pictures .
Well , you should talk with your son and let him make his own decision .
oh , why ?
Do you know anyone in the play ?
How about these ? They are nine yuan each .
I ' d like a standard room .
My house was robbed last night and the thieves stole all my furniture .
How long is the ride ?
You can't help learning when you're using it all day . You'll see . A few weeks'study in the school will have a similar effect on you .
Shall I right out again first ?
All I get is a black screen .
It could be bad food , but I didn ' t feel so well yesterday , either .
A post order for four hundred dollars .
Sure ! You just basically gotta let the caller know who they called , and ask them for their contact information so you can call them back .
Hi , I'd like to return this radio .
Good for you , keep it up .
Thank you , bye !
I am so happy that she's doing okay .
We could make it lower for you . What's your counter-offer ?
I'd like to make a reservation to Rome .
I had a bad start of the day . I was stuck in a bad traffic jam on my way and I missed my morning meeting .
no , but I think it'd be really great for people like you who are always on the go .
I really need to check out this magazine .
Hello . I have a room booked for tonight , the 15th .
And I want to change 4000 Yuan .
OK . We'll wait .
He spoke evil behind his back .
All right . All right .
Well , just as long as you realize that red means no parking and white means loading and unloading , I think you know what you need to know .
I thought it was over there .
It comes to $ 100 .
Yes , flextime has definitely been a good change for us . How do you feel about the pay ?
Some people believe that a tough approach is better . Other prefer a more lenient approach .
Do more exercises after you are healthy .
I admire plum blossoms very much . It seems that only it can blossom in the cold winter .
Whatever . Just turn right here . . . The freeway will be packed at this hour . . . let ' s take a side street . Go on ! Get out of our way ! Move , move !
Rita . Nice to meet you .
As you can see from the statements for my Current Account , I have never been overdrawn . I'm always very careful about that .
Here you are . It ' s 90 yuan , miss .
I am here to sign my escrow papers .
Are your vegetables OK ?
What did you think about the food ?
She's a Persian . She has papers and everything . Not like a street dog .
Thanks for everything .
We have this item in three price level .
Wonderful .
Oh , sounds nice .
let me see ...
I found it in today ' s apartment ads .
I'm nervous . I have to make a big presentation in the meeting .
Look at the swiss roll over there , they look delicious , too , I am thinking about buying one .
I would recommend it , yes . Then you just need to complete that form .
If it was sunning all year round there would be drought . you probably would not like it either .
Yes , but we have life jackets . And we got a real kick out of that .
Look around .
If I had chance again , I'd major in English . You're good at language .
You're so witty ...
Everything is OK now .
Have a nice weekend !
Yes , please . What's special today ? Any special recommendations ?
Where's Wort Street , please ?
What else did you see ?
Yes , there are many cities where it's almost always warm . San Diego , for example .
Why not . If I were you , I certainly would .
Let's check it out . There'll be a $ 45 charge to check it over . If you fix it with us , we'll include the $ 45 into your repair .
I'm a student at UCLA .
That sounds good . But what do you want me to do there ?
Please fill out this deposit form , first .
That seems reasonable . We should get together and watch the ball drop in Times Square .
There are instructions posted on the copier .
Okay . Please take some fruit salad and crackers for me .
Here is $ 50 . Keep the change , please .
I didn't buy any of it at all . Most health food are good for you , but don't taste good .
Well , it's Thursday today .
That should work . I ' ll see you tomorrow when you return to work .
Well , I suppose I could cross out the 18th century poetry class . I have to see when the Shakespeare class meets .
Is that what people usually do on Memorial Day ?
Well , I believe it now , and when are they are getting marry ?
Thank you so much . I appreciate your help .
Its very helpful . The course has let me into a world of literature . I read so many great literatures .
That sounds fantastic ! What time is it playing ?
How's it going ?
not yet . If we can't find a lawyer for him , then the state will appoint him with one .
I'm going to give you some advice , Jone . If this happens again , you should call the police immediately . You should try to remember everything . You should explain everything to the police .
Would you please drive me to chinatown ?
Trev , are you OK ?
Perfect . And I like her charming eyes , too .
Are you a newcomer ?
I'm in a good mood today , actually . How about you ?
I go as much as I can . I love hiking because you can really get in touch with nature .
Will the object fit into this size of box ?
What do you do ?
That is the result of our hard work . Well , what annual quantity would you suggest for the new agreement then ?
Do you know what package you want to get ?
I haven't heard anything .
I don't blame you . Perhaps you could sublet it .
What do you recommend ?
Oh , really ? Nice to meet you . I thought they were going to leave me here on my own ! How long have you been with the company ?
We are interested in this field .
Let ' s sign the registry . The realtor looks kind of busy right now .
OK , sir . Please wait a moment , we will check your room .
Not bad . What did you do ?
This is Lambeth Bridge . We will then loop back and cross the river again on Westminster Bridge .
Playing the chess is very exhausting , isn't ?
I think they are in a better position in those sports that demand a high degree of intensity , speed and explosive force like swimming , field games , etc .
I like the feeling then that school is almost over !
Certainly not . The object of weigh is to surround a larger area than the opponent . In other words , each side is struggling for a greater living space by mapping out a territory on the board . Hence , chess aims to kill , while weigh is most concerned with howso survive .
Oh , sorry , sir . We take no tips here . Thank you all the same .
Yes , that sounds like a good idea .
You'll have a definite answer from us within a week . Goodbye .
I ' m afraid that I can ' t . They were in fashion last year and the year before last . But they ' re not in fashion this year . These shoes are in fashion now .
The beans will burn . I know . I've tasted burnt coffee before ... yuck !
no , sir .
Thank you , Doctor .
Oh , French dressing .
I'm afraid there must be a lot of people there .
Peter ! Pack them . Don't read them .
This isn't network , Frida . We are in San Francisco .
Yes . Playing chess is a very aggressive experience . All the pieces are supposed to capture their opponents . Whenever I start a chess game , I can't help but imagine a concrete battle in which all fighters stand ready to kill .
I agree with that , it just doesn't work for me .
Ah , a set of keys .
Nice to meet you too , Mr . Zhang .
But it is very difficult to gather a team of players together .
Yes . Is it wrong to lie to them even if it is for their good ?
I have no idea . To be honest , I couldn't care less .
Excuse me . Could you tell me if the bus goes the national history museum ?
I just need to see some ID , like a passport for example .
Why not ? That's a good idea to help them .
Water is what's best for you .
I hate dealing with complaints . Was it a legitimate complaint ?
Just a minute , madam . You should pay a deposit of 500 yuan beforehand .
Bob is really disturbed these days .
How much is this ?
Do you need a second permit for a car ?
Oh , come on . Let's not beat a dead horse .
Yes . Your name , please ?
Who're the producer , the director , the stars , heroine and the hero ?
Have you heard that Tom and his wife divorced ?
Can you direct me to some fresh produce that's on sale ?
Is the traffic very heavy this hour ?
If it goes beyond the basic deposit , the agreement will be settled at the rate agreement savings which has been determined by the People's Bank of China on the day you wish to settle or withdraw .
Wow ! That sounds like a lot of fun . I ' m sorry I missed it .
Why not ? Let me recommend a website .
Yes , in some ways it was a step down from my previous job but it did offer me much better prospects for the future .
Hello . I'm here to talk about my credit card . You see , I'm a corporate card holder and a personal card holder . I've had my personal credit card for ages , but my corporate one is new to me .
They'd say I was a handworker and a real team player .
Yes , any approved overtime of more than two hours will be paid twice of the salary or take time-off .
Sounds pretty good . Is it a tragedy ?
Can I leave a message , please ?
How do you propose to help him understand that ?
I hope so . You see , at the moment I find it difficult to get used to the teacher's speed and accent . I'm awfully worried , I can't reply as quickly as she seems to expect .
Did your eye doctor prescribe you contact lenses ?
Did you take any pictures in the ocean ?
Aren't you lucky . The vintage-clock guy is driving a hard bargain . So I have nothing .
( After they entering the park ) Great , it's so quiet here . We have the park to ourselves , only you and me .
I am knowledgeable and levelheaded .
Yes , but I doubt if I get it . I've never got it .
But your company is huge . Can't they afford to pay the staff decent wages .
Good evening , miss . Want some socks ?
He's very handsome , isn't he ? What's he like ?
Julia , will you be my wife ?
Our reservation is under the name of Foster at 7:00 for four people .
It's 10 yuan .
Your company has an impressive reputation . My uncle worked for your company for many years .
OK , Mum . I'll invite my friends home .
The performance is amazing . I'm curious about how they did it . I mean the way they sing .
OK , anyway , let me have it .
You can do that . A private session lets two people talk alone . This techno-chat program lets you talk about anything with everybody , without prejudice because you can ' t see them .
Not even funny , Billy . This is my new snapshot sticker camera .
Today is Friday . Are you new in Beijing ?
How about you hair style ?
500 dollars , Madam .
Yes . With the 60 - second digital memory , I can record my voice and send it using voice message mode .
That's too bad . What does he have ?
Do people here drink a lot of liquors ?
Ah , where can I find old paper money and coins used before and after 1949 ?
The five dolls are sold together as a set , and they're priced according to the size . The bigger they are the more expensive .
Hi . My name is Dolma .
They seemed impressed , and offered me a position as a junior local news reporter . I ended up staying two years there actually . I was in charge of the sports news section of the newspaper . I really
just one more thing . A school called me this morning to see if I could teach a few classes this weekend and I don't know what to do .
That's fine . I'll get it .
There is always a chance that someone could outbid you , but you could try one more offer if you like .
Well , it's a secret .
I like winter too , but sometimes it gets too cold .
What do you mostly do during your workout ?
I'm hungry . Let's go to the snack bar .
What musical instrument do you play ?
Good afternoon , Miss Qi .
Ok ... I'm just going to lay it all out on the table , What do you think of Vincent's management style ?
Well , I recommend you to choose the 100 % cotton .
Good morning . This is Dan . Could I speak to Nova ?
Hi , Jane . How are you doing this morning ?
Oh , really ? What do you do there exactly ?
Good afternoon , sir . Would you like a tea ?
Could you tell me what the requirements are for that , please ?
Would you like me to go anywhere else for you ?
I haven't gotten started on my room yet .
I guess I was asking for too much .
How many invitations has she given out ?
I see . There was also the famous ping pong diplomacy , wasn't there ?
My husband is an American . He criticizes me when I do that . He says that I can ' t change a child ' s behavior by using force . He is learning what I am doing now .
what's your dreamhole like then ?
What's the matter with it ?
well , it's said that a lot of young people favor getting married quickly which tend end quickly too .
Yes , it's not bad . I will need to see your passport though .
Anyway , it ' s just a theory . Why do people go around touting theories ? Where ' s the scientific rigor in that ?
The Taj ? They're a bit expensive , but they do serve large portions of very hot food .
It looks that way . That's probably why the door wasn't locked when we came in .
What kind of job are you looking for ?
what's your favorite dish to make ?
Borrow morning .
Yes . In England , Christian pilgrims might go to Canterbury and many Christians go to the Vatican on pilgrimages .
Well , Peter , you have to do better than that next time , won ' t you ?
I'm still not sure whether I can recover from it .
If we employ you , what starting salary would you expect ?
I think I will .
Thank you for bringing me here . What shall we order ?
Oh , how annoying !
Elvin ? Which one is he ?
However , he disappointed us very much this time .
All right , as a token of friendship , we accept your counter-offer .
Do you like chocolates ?
Yes . How can I help you ?
Yes , I usually develop and print all my own photos .
No , I ' m on a vacation to see the famous Three Gorges .
Two months ? How did you find out ?
I had to show document relating to my financial status and of course my education , because I want a student visa .
One bedroom will be okay .
I'm sure I'll enjoy seeing them . and will have more information of your city industry . what is more ? I'd like to visit if it is possible . the famous Goumi street in the city .
What kind of things did you need to check ?
I have the same idea as you .
The Department of Motor Vehicles office is at 212 Barton Street North .
Your company's products are mostly marketed in Canada and the United States , but particularly have sold very well here in China . So I think in the future you'll find China to be a profitable market as well .
Well . I like the Thom Birds best .
Yup .
Thank you ! We have really enjoyed our meal here .
What kind of software can you use ?
Salaries are confidential , how do you know how much money these " other people " make ?
Okay . But you have to admit that it was an exciting story , especially with that surprise ending .
A blood test and during test . You can come back next week , say 4 pm to see the results .
And is that all ?
Yup , I think so . The car ' s packed . we have munchies and music , and the map ' s in the car .
When will we get one of those ?
From China .
No , Nothing will be kind .
May I order some cable from you today ?
OK . Do you want a trim , or do you want to get your hair done ?
Yes , sir . It's the specialty of our restaurant .
I've come to apologize for what I said yesterday .
Do you mean that we are responsible for putting them together ?
I do . I don't know what to do after I retire . I'd like to work till I drop .
Exactly , it was my favorite class .
OK , no problem .
well . It ' s not all my fault , Anna ...
It is so encouraging to hear this remark . The secret is to make plans . Write down your goals , short-term and long-term and make detail plans for a week or a month . Then just work hard .
Yeah , I want my own house very much , so I decide to buy one .
Don't worry , it's not serious . You will get better soon .
Certainly . It's quite simple really . Do you hold a resident's permit ?
Ok , did you find a new company ?
If you plan on eating , you are .
Zach , what's that on your arm ?
It's crunch time , isn't it ? I wasn't nervous before the meeting , but now I am .
Yes , very interesting flavors ... Slightly spicy , very unique , that ' s for sure . Exactly what ARE the ingredients ?
let ' s get a chunk of cheese too . Is that everything .
Are you sure that it isn't somewhere in your room ?
Once bitten , twice shy . He said he would rather keep bach than to live in disgust .
Do you prefer to work alone or as part of a team ?
The heel is a little tight .
But it's just a bar . There's no danger . You shouldn't be so homophobic .
We are happy to help you . May I know which one it is ?
I have no idea . I have no appetite .
Bye !
How much are they ?
I am worried about that Arden will display all my drawbacks in the performance review . That will be embarrassing .
Which restaurant ?
Did you work in a charity organization ?
Aren ' t you interested in watching the Olympics ? There have been some excellent performances by athletes from all over the world .
Hello , Steven . We're thinking of appointing an agent for our products . I want you to find one for us .
Is there anything good playing ?
What is my doctor testing me for ?
That ' s not my fault .
When did you begin to smoke ?
I worked in the Infection Medicine Division .
Your results are posted on the website . Just put in your password and you can see the exact numbers .
What the others ?
I have to go shopping today .
What are you going to buy ?
Bill , you know that work is not the same as exercise as it is stressful but not relaxing . And skipping meals will not help you lose weight . In fact your body will only store fat if you miss meals .
It's a nice cinema , isn't it ?
I'm tired .
How was your flight ?
True . Well , see you tomorrow .
You mean Lily's boyfriend ?
You don ' t need plastic surgery to do that . You are fine the way you are and you have guys drooling all over you ! Plus , plastic surgery hurts !
How do I do that ?
Oh , is that next week ?
Welcome !
There were six of us .
Thanks . Do you sell aspirin here ?
Yes , I ' m doing some research on Roman civilization . Do you have any books on the subject ?
But he has to stick to it and to it long enough .
Of course , could you help to blow up some balloons ?
I think that maybe I should accept their offer .
Wow ! You look like a drowned rat ! Didn't you know there is a thunder-storm today ?
How is that the only thing that you'll eat ?
I think we just need to build more roads . Then there would be more space for cars to drive and we ' d have fewer traffic jams .
OK , Well , I can teach you how I make them , which is the same way my father and grandmother make them , which is a little special .
I can hardly stand these wet and cold days . It seems that it doesn't bother you very much .
I have a running machine at home . I used to use it , but I already got sick of it .
Here you are . Do you need glue ?
Ha , ha ! Those days are long gone .
Why are you reading the classifieds ? What do you need ?
Let's stop at the newsagent , I would like to buy a newspaper . We can also buy postcards for your friends .
Adam , could you show me around the school ?
It's rice wine , a kind of still wine , somewhat like Japanese Sake . Showing is a city in China .
That's a good idea !
If you are staying here for a few days , we ' d be delighted to see you at our factory .
Could I be of any help to you ?
What time is now ? Do you have the correct time ?
well , maybe you could tell them about my promotion .
Oh , she asked me all sorts of questions . She asked if I smoked , and whether I played sports , she asked me where I went to school , and what subjects I took , and she asked me if I like to meeting people .
I know . I have been a subscriber for the past two years .
That wasn't very wise , sir .
Do you like traveling by train or by plane ?
Hi , is that Jason ?
Hello , can I speak to Alice , please ?
But the darkest hour is the nearest dawn . I bet you'll soon turn the table .
But thank you very much all the same .
Good evening , sir . I understand that you have been robbed .
I see . What about age limitations ?
Yes . I'm in the last chapter now and it is just gripping .
Sounds like he is pretty cute . What do you think of him ?
No , I didn't go , I've been sick .
Yes . I am interested in applying for graduate school in America .
I remember the first time I went . My back was sore , I couldn't sit down because it hurt my butt , and my legs would cramp if I walked too fast .
Thank you . It has been handed down in my family for three generations .
OK . Let ' go back to the hotdog stand .
I'd like a coffee please .
Well , I was born in Shanghai and went to school there , right up through college . My father is a lawyer , and my mother is a teacher .
I'm sure of what I'm doing .
My birthplace is Suzhou .
Here is your $ 150 .
I had to make it quick .
What do you charge ?
I saw Emily yesterday evening . She was wearing a CD evening gown . She told me she bought it in the outlet center and she saved $ 120 !
Thank you , madam .
Make it after the present fashion , please . What if it does not fit ?
I enjoy watching Channel 5 . They always have films from all over the world .
I'll have a glass of lemonade . More ice , please .
Unfortunately , you'll have to go to the computer lab for your printing needs .
I know who we can ask . There is a girl I know , Sara Ralston . She is 17 , and she will usually take this kind of job . I know her from my church , and I trust her completely .
Give me a package of twenty , then . And where do I find shoelaces ?
Sorry , I'm afraid the hotel is full on those dates . Shall I contact another hotel for you ?
I must tell you that in order to get to the pipe , I must tear down that wall .
I'm just trying to complete today's crossword puzzle . Whenever I get the time , I like to do the crossword puzzles in the paper .
I work at Yangshi Trade Company Ltd . I have been working there since 1997 .
What department did you study in ?
It must have been a few years ago now .
Yes , I think my vocabulary and reading comprehension are not very bad .
Well , first of all , your name . What ' s your surname ?
that was a great dinner . I didn't know that you knew how yo cook .
Shit , so crowded !
Me too . So , do you like the course ?
Sure . That's really amazing . However I don't have so much time . Do you have a full day cruise ?
I would like to open a savings account .
No , not yet , but I do feel a little feverish .
My advice is to keep looking for jobs yourself . Check the job boards at the job center regularly and check the newspapers daily . If you have friends or relatives here , ask them for help , too .
Excuse me , I'm looking for your 3 - liter Pepsis , the ones that are on sale this week . There don't seem to be any in the soft drink section .
that sounds fantastic ! What time is it playing ?
What kind of scholarship is it ?
There ' s no catch ! You just choose a plan , sign a three-year contract and , that ' s it ! Actually , we ' re running a special promotion right now , and we ' regiving away a Blackberry Curve with our special Mega Value forty dollar plan .
But there won't be anything good left .
I have done a lot of reading comprehension exercises , and I also spend much time in memorizing English words .
I remember you are in love .
Yes , I took off 4 kilos . I am glad you notice it .
Can you make a suit for me to measure ?
They use said it
It depends on how much you earned . When you file , they will determine the amount .
Can you please speed up ? I am catching the train .
The color I use now is rose . How much does this rose foundation cost ? The 100ml bottle .
Excuse me , do you know where the Post Office is ?
Nope . Our company is private-owned and its profit is the biggest issue . We don't think that further study has anything to do with our development and profit-making .
That ' s all . How much altogether ?
I don't know if I can drink more . I already had two drinks .
Well , this really is delicious , I have to admit . I can understand better now why you and your friends are always whining .
I believe you can pass the exam with good preparation . Don't lose your heart .
Have a briefcase ready with all your interview materials in it for easy carrying .
Is it the battery ?
Do you mean The Bangkok ?
You are really confident .
But we may not get another partner .
Good morning . I understand that you ' Ve got a problem with your washing machine . I ' m from the repair company .
No , But does that matter ?
Oh , shut up about ties ! Forget about ties , why not ?
Yes , I'd like to try the blueberry pie .
I hate to complain , but this soup is too salty .
I was so dehydrated that I drank like a gallon of water , and my head has been pounding all day . I swear , I ' m never gonna drink again !
As for the regular customers , we have some favorable terms for them .
Yeah . But I ...
I'll refund your money right now .
How about mileage and gas ?
Come on , darling . We haven't got much time .
I don ' t like to make friends with people who aren ' t honest . Honesty is very important to me .
Bourbon , please .
Yes , it is , but you'll have to discuss the details with your manager .
I'd like a pair of shoes , please .
Come on . We are already here . Besides , I really wanna see this picture .
Dad , you keep talking about family in New Zealand . Who are they ?
I finished them in no time .
You ' re breaking our contract .
Nine would be perfect . I'll see you then !
Sure he can . He can shake hands , roll over , and even play dead .
No . I'm just killing time .
The purpose of the law is to protect and encourage inventions and to promote the development of science and technology . The law came into effect in 1984 , and it consists of 8 chapters with 69 articles .
And there's no one living over us .
I'm really confused , Zina . Will you explain all this to me ?
Just a moment , please . I'm sorry but the flights are fully booked on that day . The next available flight is on May 2nd . They have two flights , one is at 9:30 a . m . and another at 2:00 p . m . Both flights have seats available .
Don't worry about it .
That's amazing . I'd love to try it later . Oh , an on-line virtual supermarket ?
I'd love to , but I have a night class on Thursdays .
Not so delicious as before , but it's fine . The soup is tasty but the meat is a little tough .
Of course . A reasonable number of sick days will be covered by the company . Any extended illness will be covered by insurance . Have you read the other terms of the contract ?
Yeah , I suppose you wouldn't want to see that , huh ?
We'll visit the generally well-known spots .
Last trip was very terrible . I hope everything will be fine this time . Don ' t blow it .
You'll be sorry if the boss finds it out . He may probably give you the bag .
How many ?
If it's this kind of consultancy service , I'll have to direct you to another department , I'm afraid .
I'll need a parking permit for next semester .
He is not answering . You'd better check his pulse and breathing .
So , Karen , what do you do in your free time ?
Thank you . Maybe we can sing a song together . Would you like to sing with me ?
How about tomorrow morning ?
Hi , welcome to Hal's Computer World . Can I help you with anything ?
Does it come with a frame ?
I am in no particular hurry .
Oh , he ' s fine . Kids seem to grow up very quickly nowadays .
Yes , there is . Teenagers do not want to live traditional lives . They want to go out , have fun , and explore the world . They want to develop their own view of life . Parents usually try to discour
Yes . We all loved the celebration of our city's birthday . It made the people feel so proud of our city .
I have been at my current job for 10 years .
Maybe someone took it .
These magazines are interesting . May I borrow one ?
Don't worry , this will be the last class I miss .
Who is your favorite music composer ?
Really ? Is that why you wanted to come to the play ?
No problem , but what were you calling about ?
I'll be leaving on the fifth of August for the vacation
Well , I'm looking for a place to live . David thought as you are a @ agent . you might know something is suitable .
Which one interests you , Sir ?
I'd love to help you ! What is your budget for the dinner ?
What kind of films do you like best ?
Oh , yes . You are so smart . I see them . So I have to go to shelf number 3 first to get my markers , color pencils and highlighters and somebrushes .
My name ' s Terry Graham . You ' re new around here , huh ?
( The attendants fill the tank , clean the windscreen , and add some air to the tires . ) All right , sir , that'll be $ 26 . 50 .
That's wonderful ! Icing on the cake .
Why ? Did you feel frightened ?
Mr . Mechanic , I'd like a nice Venezuelan blend this morning .
What's he doing ?
Would you tell me the general description of your present job ?
Keep your fingers crossed . She'll bring home the bacon .
Yup , you understand . And my parents are trying to pressure me into going to a Catholic college . They both attended one and think that it combines a good education with good discipline . And the tuition is usually pretty low .
What're the teams ?
Why not come here and have a look at the guidebook ?
Or just stuff the whole thing in your mouth at once !
Oh ! Ouch ! That must've hurt !
Perhaps the food was bad .
yes . I ' d like to book a table for Friday evening please .
Neither of us is very religious , so we decided not to get married there .
Nah , don't be so fast . We like your work here , but this company is on hard times and I can't be handing out raises for anyone .
It's very kind of you . I really don't know how I can thank you enough .
En , where do we pay the fares ?
okay . Nope , it's a replay of yesterday's soccer match between Brazil and Spain .
Thank you . Now how much do I owe you ?
( while driving ) Are you in a hurry ?
You mean , you like the pictures of the beautiful models ... Hello ?
Are there any beds vacant ?
I know . It's a mix of all the latest songs .
That's a real achievement . How did you do that ?
Would you please write your name on this list ?
What information will I need to provide to apply for unemployment ?
it's nice , but it's rather plain . Do you want to try my tiramisu ?
OK . What kind of dressing would you like ? We have vinaigrette , Italian , and French .
I ' m so glad you told me that .
I don't think that you're done .
What don't you like about it ?
Well there is an important meeting with a new client .
No . Actually I can stay longer . Dave called to say that there is a beautiful Chinese girl who ' s going to pick me up at the school gate tonight at ten thirty instead of eight thirty .
Maybe 500 dollars .
Mumm , I estimate it'll run in the neighborhood of ... $ 500 per light .
Yes , sir . That's correct . How will you pay your bill , cash or credit card ?
I was just joking , and Obama is our new President .
No , that ' s all . Thanks .
Round about seven .
Again , I do apologize for the inconvenience .
Sorry . It is the smallest size we have .
No , once I fill the tub with beer , I'll get the ice . The beer will be cool if you put the tub under the ice . The cooler , the better .
I thought you had been to Australia too .
I see what you mean .
What are you reading ?
What's the advantage ? Price , I suppose .
Are you keeping this small bag as carry-on luggage , sir ?
This is our new brand . I can make sure our computer board is one of the best boards .
And then I just sign here ? You're right ! It certainly is simple and extremely convenient .
I know your sister . She's very nice .
You're always so careless .
Yes , I do . I have a Current Account , a credit card and a mortgage with you already .
To be a revolutionary needs great courage !
It ' s going to cost you $ 25 .
16 divided by 2 . What's the answer ?
Why are you quitting ?
Twice a week . How about you ?
he was arrested by the police for drinking and driving .
What is the problem ?
We can borrow as much as we can .
You're right . The air is so warm and everything looks so fresh and green .
What's the rush ?
Well , an important part of the duties of a secretary , I think , is to do well the preparation work for the meeting .
Let's go to the cinema by bus .
Sure . So what about you ? Do you have any hobbies ?
You know . I really don't those big hotels .
Yes ! Yes ! And yes ! Jared , of course I ' ll marry you !
Would you show me some table-cloths ?
Again !
Money is not the only standard to decide your career . In fact , there are more important things you can refer to when evaluating your career . If I were you , I would choose one I like to do .
Honey , it doesn't matter . The key to play volleyball is to cooperate with each other .
It seems so strange to be here , burying you , but it's not you .
We need to work is because we need money to live . We need money for food and clothes and to pay for house . We need money for many different things , and only when we work , we can earn money . And work can also help us feel that we are useful .
I usee I would say that would be moving out of my parents ' house for the first time .
I have never heard that men would trim their eyebrows . Are you kidding ?
How are your stocks doing , Jim ?
Are you crazy ? You were cheating .
hints are really important when you're solving puzzles . If you give me some hints about playing that PS2 game , I ' ll show you how to solve the Rubik's cube .
I can ' t find the business card . Do you know the address ?
Wow , what a lovely cake .
For here or to go ?
Okay . Come with me .
Oh , yes . Erm , well , could you tell me your name , please ?
The best would be you have a smile on your face in the interview to win a good impression of the interviewer .
Where exactly are you coming from ?
Good afternoon , can I help you ?
It doesn't matter , sir . Shoes will stretch a bit with use .
Same here . Hey , did you know Susan is going to get married . She invited me to her wedding and she wants you to attend also .
Yeah , yeah , whatever .
I think you'll like them . My family is pretty laid back .
Anything I can do for you ?
She learns to speak Latin by osmosis within three months .
Wonderful . I'd like to know why you're interested in this position at our paper .
I don't know . Do you like snowing ?
I ' m only complaining about a movie that I could have rented or bought and then thrown in the garbage .
Is it still under warranty . If it is and I can ' t fix it , it would be quicker and easier to exchange it for a new one .
I'd be a basket case if you think of me that way . I need your understanding .
Great ! Where is it ?
Let me see if I can fit you in . What kind of room do you want ?
Did you enjoy your meal ?
That ' s right , although we do expect you to do a little overtime if there ' s something important to do . The lunch break is flexible . You can go a little earlier or a little later if you prefer .
What time does the recycle truck come by ?
I have learned English for 10 years , and I have passed College English test level 4 and 6 .
Well , I've got one here . It's 260 a month .
You should be optimistic about this . Things have taken a good turn . You should remember that less than two centuries ago the dangers of train travel seemed similarly terrible .
That's good to hear . Now there's still a whole New York day ahead of me .
Is she just working temporarily ? What are they going to do when Maggie comes back from leave .
Mark ? I need that file you took yesterday .
Is that true ?
I can recommend an apartment for you . A friend of mine is about to move . She doesn ' t want to rent that house any longer .
I hear you're being sent to Madrid for the annual conference . Is that right ?
If there were any major problems , I would always notify you by phone to come in .
Whoa ! So many drugs . . . I hate swallowing pills . Am I able to go to work ?
What does the company mainly do ?
if you don't start when you're young , it's hard to get the hang of it .
But it seems like a good idea . All I have to do is first send some money to the person who sent me the letter . After that he'll tell me how to earn much more money .
Is there anyone else you can talk to about it at your company ?
Oh , thanks . Mmm , hmm , creamy texture , very smooth ...
but I still love you .
Is there a dead animal somewhere in here ?
Anytime except today . Please give him a call before you come .
French dressing , please .
It looks like it's going to be sunny .
well , then why aren't there many East-West couples where the man is a Chinese and the woman is a Westerner ?
I like to stay here .
Yes . I need a tow truck . My car is broken down .
Fun for you ! Do you get to do anything you want ?
Is that Hello Kitty ?
Oh , Cindy did mention you before . You're Alexander Newman .
Don't know what ?
Should I just stand naturally ?
Engaged . Oh , dear ! Could you tell her it's a long-distance call ?
Doing something relaxing before I go to sleep sounds like a plan .
it's got its own library , theatre , swimming pool , and a guest house . The house itself has about ten different rooms that are all hooked up to computers so you can get things done in each room through
Ha-ha , see you then .
I'm sorry , this is our rock bottom price .
My mother taught me some tricks of the trade . I've always loved jewelry .
Sure . I suggest you take a bus there . It's a bit too long for you to walk there .
I believe that 10 % is just about right amount .
It sounds cool . The rhythms look really difficult .
Would you like regular car wash package ?
All right . Which kind do you prefer ?
I know why Mr . Fro didn't like our ad idea ! He doesn't know the first thing about coffee .
But I make it .
You ' d better change it . It ' s ugly .
Duh ... That's the point . The people in the ads are wearing what's in . Plus , there are articles on new trends ...
How beautiful the flower is !
OK ! Just give her this for me !
Well , not so far from New York . So what about you ? Did you grow up here ?
Well , I love hip hop dancing , so I should probably dance . Do you know how to rap ?
Yes , this is the Resume Writing Workshop . Welcome !
Hi , I would like to make a dinner reservation .
Fine . The next course starts a week from tomorrow .
Yes . I want to deposit some money into my Savings Account , please .
Sure . It's 2331-7600 .
I'm calling to thank you for the wonderful dinner I had yesterday .
Yes , I think it is possible more important than the salary .
Good morning , Mr . Zhang .
No . I didn't kill him on purpose , madam . It's him who caused the incident . I need to see my attorney .
You stink !
I want a different hair style .
Is the security door useful ?
What do people usually do on Saint Valentine's Day ?
I wonder if you can change it to one size down .
Unleaded . My car is new .
Okay . There are two Customer Service Offices in your area . The nearest one is Chadwick and Hacks Appliances .
Is that a Danish machine ? The name looks Danish .
Okay . Um ... can you make sure my sideburns are even and you just take a little off the top .
Oh , right . You ' re in our system . I was just looking under Li . So , we ' Ve got you down for a Business Suite for three days . If I could just have your credit card , I ' ll process your check-in while
Does this dress look OK on me ?
How do I tell the difference between a ripe one and an unripe one ?
Never .
Not really many . I was told that on weekends there were always the flea markets , so I decided to come to the flea market to buy a bargain .
No , you're right . But nudity doesn't bother me . What bothered me were all the jokes about masturbation , stuff like that . It was too sick .
Yes . My customer is in urgent need of the steel plates .
Yeah . Here .
Actually , that's not true . Acknowledgments can help you leave a good impression on others , especially in the public places .
You should always remember that one customer on file is the rule .
Of course not . Just tell me how to operate it .
Yeah ... we set up tables with food , fruit and drinks and offer that to the hungry ghosts .
It's a huge headache . I have no idea what I want to do .
Yes , of course . May I have your name , sir ?
An apartment ? Why ?
Is this a furry hat ?
I used to shop there , but I find the food at Whole Foods to be a lot better .
Yes , Dad ?
I'll just get a regular home computer then . I don't think I'll need to lug my computer around with me .
Good idea . I like hanging out in bars at night .
Did you hear that they are going to start an exercise class after work ?
Peter , I hope you will accept my quotation for the air freshener .
That's true . What about Lisa ? I bet there's nobody who could do a worse job than her .
Do you take credit cards ?
That's very good !
But don't you want to study music ? Shouldn't it be easy ?
Fantastic ! I ' ll be there !
Well , how long will it be ?
I said you are sure to like them . There is the Grand Parade Of Ants Carnival in a few minutes in the square . You will experience a dream of fantasy .
A Sony . It's only one third the size of my old camera and looks rather smart .
Good evening , Mr . Wu .
You're probably right , do you intend on going to the party ?
That ' s great . Can you speak Chinese ?
How are your wedding plans going ?
I think it suits you well .
There were some famous ugly women in history .
Yes . Her parents were raising money to have her treated in the united states .
I see . Should I have it bound ?
Yes , that is a lot of choices . What is your favorite ?
I'd really like to be in London , but it's the most expensive city in England to live in , so I don't know if I can afford to live there .
Use the number on the back of your library card .
I found a great school for Junior !
Oh , really ? What do you do there ?
May I be so bold as to suggest chocolate-covered strawberries with the champagne ?
What do you have in the luggage ?
In a word , dressing and appearance are indeed important , but it should never be all .
ok . Should I heat the wok ?
She likes to golf , dance , and eat foreign food .
so , you must be pretty interested in photography then .
Mom , we can keep it on the balcony , right ?
Yes , I did . But I couldn't communicate with them in English . They speak only Spanish . So I need your help .
It feels good .
The TV's still here .
I don't understand . We were getting along so well .
Really ? I wish you could tell me more about your experience .
Oh , yeah . I ' m there !
I'm afraid he is not in at the moment .
Are you still going to write me a ticket ?
Is everything OK , Madam ?
So how do you usually go about buying shoes , then ?
I'll get it for you right now .
Just a moment , please . I'm sorry , sir . There is no ticket available on that day . But we have flights for Guangzhou the next day .
I came here today to talk to you because ... Well , I need to ask two favors .
well , my hosue-mates and I are having a house-warming party . Would you like to come ?
Yes . I'll be with you in a second . Yes , sir ? What is the problem ?
Take the No . 7 bus . There's a bus stop just over there .
About a 100 and I have had them declared .
First , your overwhelming share in the world market . Second , your superiority in sales and profits in addition to the amount of capital and the number of employees . Third , the diversity in your production line is second to none .
And you got them off the Net ?
You remember me ! Yes , I'm with Li Wang Enterprises ; I'm the Accountant Peters .
I'd like to open a one-year time deposit account and a checking account .
That ' s okay . They describe everything on the ballot .
Yep , it should be here by tomorrow night .
You're looking very well .
That sounds like a good place to take a date . Can you make a reservation for me ?
Just follow the walkway to the outside and climb the stairs to the third floor .
If I get work for a few weeks , will I be terminated from EDD ?
Twenty dollars and sixty cents .
Yeah , it reminds you why they say baseball is America ' s favorite pastime .
How can I tell if they're ripe ?
How much do I owe you ?
So the company will pay for everything ?
have you heard about the photography exhibit that's going on at the art gallery this weekend ?
Excuse me . Could you tell me how to get to the post office ?
Very smart !
What kind do you want ?
I am going there , too . We can walk together .
Yes , I do . We ' re doing pretty well this season . We ' Ve won most of our games , but we ' re not top of the league table .
Oh , probably you've been working too hard .
Who ' s that ?
How will you spend this lovely weekend ?
So you'll make the Stars . com deadline , and have us up and running next week ?
I know . I can see that . This is what is called " dim sum , " right ?
May I see your ticket and passport , please ?
I found a mouse in our house , a grown mouse running around the dinning room .
No , I was good at the long jump . I liked the sprints best .
Yes , nice . But I prefer this wooden house with a garden fence and a sloping roof .
May I ask your telephone number ?
No problem . How would you like your suit ?
No , Frank . I'm much more interested in collecting stamps now .
I'm just fishing from the shore . How about you ?
OK . I can make a special offer for you . This price is based on careful calculations . And it is the lowest price we can offer to you .
But I think Digest is supposed to be the top one . Its subscribers or buyers are from all social classes , perhaps , a majority of them from the educated group . It's quite strange that the readers love it after reading it .
it looks great , but you need something to go with it . It's too plain on its own .
Is it expensive ?
No , and let me tell you why ... If I make my guys stay over to check the inventory , I'll have to pay them at an overtime rate , which is time and a half . I estimate it will probably take 3 guys two hours to finish , that will be an increase on your labor fee by at least 10 % ... if you need the numbers that urgently , I can have them do it . Otherwise , we can wait until tomorrow morning , and I'll call you with the numbers after they're done . It's your call ...
that's right . I am not the only one who has done this . Job hopping is quite common in the IT industry .
How about your study at college ?
I don't know . I am not really worried about that . I don't wanna lose before even starting . Besides I think the other two American guys have also fallen for her .
Thanks for coming , it was a real blessed .
True . The movie industry is becoming more and more commercial . You see a lot of expensive movies with little artistic value . I generally think those made in the forties are of higher quality on the average than movies today . You can name a lot of classics from that decade .
That's a good idea , Charlotte .
I've been waiting here in the conference room for ten minutes already . What time does our meeting start ? Where is everyone anyway ?
Yes . Such people don ' t appear to be acting in accordance with their religious beliefs .
Can I help you pack ?
Why are we watching it anyway ?
I would like to switch it to next Friday .
Could you stay a little longer ?
Ok , Goodbye .
Well , with the ticket , you can get a free drink . What would you like ? Orange juice ?
You were when we were in high school . That , and baseball .
Let me take a look . Just a second . That ' s no problem , Susan . See you on Wednesday .
How about make up ?
Leave me alone !
Yes , this coming Saturday .
Will you go with me , too ?
Ha , I am flattered . Actually , when it comes to negotiate , you don ' t need to like it . You just need to understand how it works .
When did it start ?
You should do something else .
Could you give me more paper napkins ?
I can give you one for $ 30 a day or $ 200 a week .
Oh , no . That's bad news .
Oh , certainly . I wouldn't miss a game for the world . My girlfriend says I have an addiction . And actually , if I had to choose between her and my games ... I'd probably pick football .
Not too tight in the waist ?
Yeah , at least .
let's go shopping . You can't depend on public phones in this day and age !
Do you have a ride home ?
Fine , I'll make it .
I'm wondering if she has boyfriend .
It costs money , dear . What ' s wrong with the regular television stations ?
New England .
Do you know what's on tonight by any chance ?
Well , that's life .
How do you do , Mr . Smith ? This is Lili . I'm calling to thank you for the wonderful dinner we had yesterday . I enjoyed it very much .
Thank you for organizing this great baby shower for me ! I ' Ve always been to baby showers but never actually had one held for me ! Let ' s get started !
I'm from Guangdong .
Yeah . Let's just lounge around !
Excuse me , sir . This is your passport .
About one day . It arrives in Dalian at 10:00 a . m . tomorrow .
Great , so we can afford the new apartment after all !
There is a new restaurant opening up in town next month .
Oh , just on my own . I just joined , so I don't really have any partners .
What did you want to get ?
Yes . I have a great team working with me .
Don't worry . It will take time to accumulate experience . You need to be confident for yourself .
What do you dislike most about your job ?
All right , sir . Would you lie back so that I can shave you ?
Generally it will arrive within three days .
What sandwich did you order ?
I took a cooking class at the Culinary Institute .
Does that mean you're going to take my advice ?
We'll have to get you to a hospital for an X-ray .
Alright , you'd better hurry , your bus is coming .
That ' s right . But I don ' t think there are better ways .
And three times a week , you can either swim , play racketball , or hand ball .
Let's see what else is on first .
I ' m interested in teaching at your school .
thanks . This is my power suit . I have a dinner date tonight .
I have tried . But Americans like butter , bread , sugar , and cream too much .
I see . You've got a cold .
Certainly sir , we currently have a special promotion where we include voice mail services , call waiting and also three way calling .
have you finished going through the contract ?
Addison .
The traffic problem will soon be eased .
But it's Saturday ! !
So what did you do ?
Excuse me , what's the price of a single room ?
All right . But so help me it better work .
it's not that bad . It kind of feels like I'm on vacation , not having to answer my phone all the time !
If you'd like , I can send someone to fix it right now .
Are you an existing customer ?
What do you think about occupational planning ?
I wonder what happened .
No . I haven ' t had the pleasure .
I don ' t try to go ahead of people and lead them , I ' d rather cooperate with everybody else and get the job done by working together .
Sure . What ' s it about ?
perhaps I ' m being too shy . I should go out more too and not spend time worrying about tests !
There's a 20 percent service charge in this hotel .
Well , it was in the Balkans during the war . He was only held for three days , and then they simply released him . It was a case of mistaken identity , and they just let him go when they found out he was no use to them . It was lucky they didn't kill him .
Oh , right . This one , right ?
He was 20 years old then .
Yes , of course . I have to go there every Tuesday .
Sounds fine .
Don't worry . It would be back again a little later .
It's fine for most time of the day . But don't have tea before bedtime .
Yes , I will get you one .
Mark is parade his knowledge again .
Yes . You must put on her name and address .
It's already on sale now .
Yeah , it ' s me . Can you give me a lift after work ?
R :: Thank you , sir . For which date and how many guests will there be in your party ?
Was it on the shelf ?
Yes , I'd like to make reservation for tonight , a table for five , please .
My pronunciation is not very good . It's L-I-N , Lin .
Studying English wouldn't give me any satisfaction . It's hard work .
You can always wash cars and sell candy .
Maybe we should send them to the reserved hotel for a short break , meanwhile we can also raise a question on what they want to have and know .
Wait a minute , that ? ... Doughnuts ? They organic doughnuts , Kelly ?
I take more than 50 courses in university , including microeconomics , macroeconomics , marketing principles , sales management , statistics , and so on .
Mr Edgar , hello ! How's business ? Still booming ? What can we do for you today ?
That'll be fine .
Sure . How much do you want ?
Julie ' s friend , Mary . And John will be the best man .
You are such a good father . It's next Sunday .
I am sorry , sir . All the tickets have been sold out .
I'd like to . I'm sure your visit will help to promote the friendship and understanding between both of us . Welcome to China again .
She's looks very healthy . How old is she ?
No , but if you can think of anything else , just get it .
The website will give you a normal range and then tell you what your results are .
I want to apply for a passport here .
How long have you been married ?
For me , the Olympics for the disabled always catches my heart . It makes me understand that perseverance makes the impossible possible .
I ' m sure you never dare to go against your wife .
Have you every belonged to a political party ?
Can I get my hair done like his ? His girlfriend has the same hair , and she's white .
Don't be shy . Have some more chicken .
High blood pressure is called the silent killer because it hardly ever has symptoms .
I think I tried every position , but the last few years , I played third base .
What do you mean ? It's expensive !
The Canada Day is on the 1st of July .
Sure . I will ask Lucy to call you in two days .
I know . But there's no point in making her feel worse , isn't there ?
Miss Wang , would you mind my asking you a personal question ?
All right . I hope I'll be able to enjoy my stay in a quiet suite tomorrow evening and have a sound sleep .
What ' s the problem ? Things are getting out of hand . You keep sticking your nose where it doesn ' t belong .
So complicated ! Ok , what about this red wine stain ? How do I get it out ?
That's right , I have to work hard .
That's all right .
Okay . Thanks .
He has no sense .
Interpersonal and technical skills .
I'm sure the output of your production will increase a lot .
Oh , my god . If this flight is late . I will for Sydney . What can I do now ?
what do you do when you see a homeless person on the streets begging for money ?
Am I allowed to eat spicy food ?
It's 20 degrees below zero now . It was even colder this morning .
You must leave home earlier today .
Up to you , you could have a one on one session with a tutor or group sessions , you can also use free or private computer software . Going to church might help as well !
But I thought this was the right bus to go to Washington Square Park .
It's really a surprise .
OK . Please fill out this form first .
The weather is really miserable . It has been raining hard all day long .
what kind of computer do you have , a Mac or a PC ?
You should start from 1:30 pm in the afternoon .
Can we start tomorrow though ?
No I didn ' t . I worked in the morning then I played tennis with my husband .
The railway station ? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner . The station is at the end of that street .
Have you tried pressing the Escape key ?
You ' re right . I ' ll save the beer for when we land . One orange juice , please .
I like sculpture , especially that form ancient rome or Greece . What time are you thinking of going ? I ' d love to go with you .
Sorry to hear that .
Sounds like a good idea .
If you are really in love with your wife , you should be in support of her . You can ' t have it both ways , of course .
Julia , I really love you . I hope I can stay with you no matter you are happy or sad in future .
Ah ! No ! Damn it !
Well , generally in the U . S . each university has its own outstanding fields . But the graduate school accepts no applications after January 29th .
Okay , so are you going to school tomorrow ?
I made plenty of business contract on my last visit and through the embassy . We should be able to get plenty of customers .
The delivery people showed up four hours late .
Just a few minutes . I need to make a list of the things that we need .
I've been through a lot today . I forgot to set my alarm clock last night , so I woke up late this morning . And what is worse , I missed the school bus .
Oh , yes . Several of the buildings from the villages still survive . Many of them were inns for travelers and today survive as pubs . There was a castle near one village , so our city has a castle too .
Not all of it .
We have 3 different types of boxes . We usually rent for 1 year and the fee depends on the size and location of the box .
I am exhausted . I need some sleep .
What are you watching ?
I mean in the library , or in some information center . Often the university hires foreign students for part-time positions .
How do you do , Mr . Brown ? It ' s a pleasure to get to know you .
Thanks . Could you tell me where I should deposit my bag ?
I have only a few friends .
Where will we call at ?
That is a wonderful choice .
I can't seem to progress up the career ladder no matter how hard I try and I have been here for 2 years already !
The washing machine isn't working again .
We usually get a big thunderstorm every two weeks , but apart from that , summers are dry . Thunderstorms make the air fresh again , so most people don ' t mind then .
Just go straight along this street , turn left at the first crossing and walk straight ahead about 100 meters . You can ' t miss it .
I just think it will be a little difficult for her to be away from home for so long right off the bat .
Maybe next weekend . She only mentioned this before she left .
Welcome to our hotel's indoor swimming pool . What can I do for you ?
Yes , here is the form for an expense report . Fill it out and give it to me . I ' ll get it signed for you .
Is six o ' clock okay ?
Gynecology ?
Well . As you understand , the irrevocable L / C gives the exports additional protection of the banker ' s guarantee . We always ask for L / C for our exports , and the other way around , we pay by L / C for our imports . We only accept L / C for regular orders .
And you'll have to sell your motorcycle . And your cameras . Right ?
Yes . Things certainly have changed since I was a boy . We've developed very quickly .
Miao Ping , if I do decide to go ahead , how will the interest if I exceed be counted ?
OK . I ' m 24 this year . I earned my college diploma from the Night College of Foreign Languages Institute in 2010 . My major is English . Recently I ' Ve also earned my degree in Secretarial Technology .
I must meet someone at the airport tomorrow afternoon .
True . The news says that there is a general increase in the price of daily necessities .
Anything else .
I thought you said you didn't have any food with you today .
Oh , yes . It's a great party . There are some people I don't know , though .
Hello . In order to kill your time you can experience our facial massage for free .
Is there anyone else you can talk to about it at you company ?
Alright . But why is downloading music better than buying Cds at the store ?
I have a test tomorrow .
Let me give you another ten dollars .
My permanent address is Apt . 401 , 238 Zhongshan Road , Beijing .
NO . You don't have to pay duty on personal belongings .
What else is important to stay healthy ?
So if we did allow the laboring force to go home early , how many people are we talking about ?
What did he say ?
A friend told me I might find a room here .
Thank you , here's your change .
What deliveries are you quoting nowadays on orders such as ours ?
The worst part is that the inflation hurts the poor more than the rich . It also leads to more unemployment in the long run . I don't know what a good solution would be to make the economy more vibrant again ...
She is a pretty good teacher ! With her help I think I can make great progress in English .
Mmm .. . X , E , R , 3 , a question mark , and I can ' t quite make out the other symbol but I think it ' s the peace sign .
Well , you know the time of shipment means a lot to us .
The 16:45 , please .
Yeah . What's the difference between the Winter Olympics and the Summer Olympics ?
I beg your pardon ?
What a charming room ! It faces south , and there's such a lovely view of the city .
I think Andy's party will be fun .
How can you help me ?
It is really good news . How much do you earn a week now ?
Did you have a part-time job when you were still in school ?
True . So what do they do to you at your beauty spa ?
The owner said that the roof had leaked , but that he got it fixed last month .
What a brilliant smile !
The end of this month .
If they don't think this is fun , they're not meant to be our friends .
Yes . Mostly to England and France .
Not bad . Thank you for your help . I am always busy with this job , I feel a bit tired .
Wow , that should be really exciting , especially with so many famous athletes there .
No , I'm open to suggestions .
No , that's all right . I'll just look for something else .
No . May I help you ?
Ok . I won't get into trouble .
No , that ' s all . I already have your resume .
Help ! I'm about to drop these books .
I was thinking about it , but I'm never able to keep my New Year's resolution . Last year for example I joined a gym and only went twice .
Fine . Listen . Are you free on Wednesday night ? I'd like to invite you to dinner .
It lasts 4 hours , from 10:00 to 14:00
He ' s the superintendent of this building .
Yes , we certainly are . But Mr Smith is going to pay us for all the work we'll do .
Very comfortable . I think I will come next time . Maybe I will take some friends . Amazing !
Good afternoon madam . What can I do for you ?
Calm down , sir . You are creating a commotion .
What's today's date ?
No problem . May I see your receipt , please ?
Well , the first thing on my list is a new blender . I decided to also get a juicer and a new coffee maker .
Let me see . I think it's OK .
Well , to be honest , nothing is more stressful than going on a business trip with our boss .
First of all , did you vote today ?
Dear , can you drive me to the clinic ?
no , the burn ointment seemed to take effect right away . I think it's already healed .
Did you like PCC ?
These are from Guatemala , but we're going to start getting mangoes from India .
OK . But I'd like some cookies .
OK . I'll pick you up here tomorrow .
Yes , I enjoyed it very much .
Then what shall I do ?
I see . Skills are about specialty , and educational background is easy as well . But what about related experience ? I have little work experience .
Sure . He ' ll get the bag , I think .
I'll think about it after I start feeling better . Right now , I don't even want to hear the word snowboarding .
I have got a Business English Certificate and a Certificate of TEM 8 .
That's great for me . Look , children's clothes ! I'd like to buy some winter clothes for my son and daughter .
Oh , Thank you . I'm looking for the train station .
You dance beautifully .
Could you tell her Tom Green called ?
I only wish it were this time yesterday .
OK , let's have that then .
Yes , I really need someone who is really good .
And the number ?
lt's about 180C , but in winter the temperature may fall to 10-15 degrees below zero . And we have a long winter .
OK . Here you are . Anybody who wants help , please come to me .
There is a new movie at the mall that I want to see . Want to go with me ?
Sir , tell us about your experience with Super Bulk-up .
You look so busy .
Very well . Thank you .
How long has it felt like this ?
OK May I ask whether there is probation ?
Thanks . Sorry . It just came as such a surprise . The baby isn ' t due for another two weeks .
Not bad . But we have lost a few of staff lately .
How are Zina's new programmers working out ?
Sure . Beijingers are distinguished for their warmth and hospitality .
I'd like to talk with her . This is short notice , I know . But Hank and I are leaving tonight .
Yeah , I will .
Yes , my back aches .
I need to see if check number 212 has cleared yet .
I need to go to the dentist .
That'd be great . Thanks ! What time should I come over ?
It's really very easy saying you're sorry .
Hello , welcome to IBA . What can I do for you ?
I'll check the costs and call you back .
Okay . Do you have a special location in mind ?
I can speak the language better than I read and write .
I am an accountant at a company
I like those too .
Of course . The fitting room is this way , please .
Yeah , I ' m better after talking to you .
Laugh all you want , whatever . We need to get out of the heat .
Yes . I haven't been in his house for several weeks . When shall we start ?
every night my roommates watch the Korean soap operas till mid-night . I am not a big fan of Korean shows and I don't know how to tell them to stop without hurting their feelings .
Yeah ! Gambling is often a curse . By gambling we lose time and treasure , two things most precious to a man .
I ' Ve been under stress , but no more than usual .
Oh , but I really need to leave this town for a change . Working day after day has worn me out . Do you have any other suggestions ?
I need some to keep as souvenirs !
What do you do in winter ?
What do your classmates think of it ?
I could meet with you tomorrow anywhere from two until four ; what time works out best ?
There's no secret at all . The only thing for you to do is to practice more . You will succeed .
Then you need to register as a new patient . Can I have a look at you ID card ? I need your name , age , occupation , address and contacting number .
Yeah , a lot of changes have happened here .
There will be a parade to celebrate National Day this weekend .
Francis , what ' s that ?
Never mind . There's an authentic tasting hot pot restaurant not far from the China World Trade Towers on Chang An Street . Have you been there ?
Great , that ' s why I ' m here .
Z3264356 .
Because I got my AA and now I am going towards my bachelor degree .
Good morning . I want to remit 1,000 yuan to my sister in Shanghai .
A two-bedroom house in this area is generally around 250,000 RIB .
Why do you say so ?
No , really ?
What kinds of packages do you offer ?
OK , a single fare is $ 50 per right .
I understand . I used to live in a dorm with four people . I was great in some aspects . We always went out and and had fun together . But on the other hand , when I wanted some quiet time , and people kept
The northern line is what you want .
Could you hold the elevator , please ? Thanks a lot .
It seems that you get antsy when you hear I praise another guy .
If have time , I'll come again .
What ' s wrong with the fax machine ? Is it urgent ?
We will need to know who will be driving the van .
sure , my sister-in-law and her husband just bought a house that way . They ' re pretty satisfied with it .
They fit me very well . I like them .
that's true . Every month , I spend hundreds of dollars on gas , insurance , and repairs .
And does Rocky drive a truck , too ?
Hello , Kevin . I hate to do this , but I have to cancel our appointment .
Today , I'm told I failed three courses .
I wanted to , but the water is too cold , and I just wetted in up to my knees .
Well ... I told them not to come . I made a reservation just for the two of us . I thought we could have an quiet evening all to ourselves .
AC Milan versus Real Madrid .
Good idea . Have you written down tea , eggs and potatoes ?
How much are you looking to spend ?
Work is kicking my ass . I'm so stressed . Let's go grab a drink .
Hello ! So you are leaving today .
Yes , is there a problem ? Ma ' am ?
That's nice , have you been to the movies lately ?
Mandy , Would you like to come for dinner tonight ?
Yes . I am going to have a summer vacation . Would you recommend some scenic spots to see ?
when you find out you get the promotion or not , let me know .
We're happy together now .
Please point out the painful place with your finger . Is there any relation between the pain and the weather ?
So , how's your work ?
You ' re welcome . Feel free to ask me any time you need help .
Yes , I'd like a cheeseburger and a large order of French fries .
Don ' t think about it !
Although you spare no effort to complete the project . I think you have missed the boat .
This way , please .
January 5th .
Jason Emory speaking .
You mean you didn't know much English then ?
Reservation , may I help you ?
Wow ! I can't believe I'm standing here !
I have learned a lot about business know-how and basic office skills . In addition , I learned at my previous jobs how to cooperate with my colleagues .
Please don't eat turnip and garlic when taking this medicine .
It's expensive for me .
I haven't lately .
I know . But can you show me a little larger size ?
Thanks . I think I will try . Where are you going ?
I'm at home painting .
What a wonderful dinner !
That's right . I can already see the Palace Garden on the left .
Excellent ! Our company has more than ten years of experience in the adventure tourism and sports field . Let me show you some options . This is our most popular choice , our river guides will take you on a whitewater rafting trip followed by a ride in a hot air balloon !
I have no idea . Maybe I want to take a boat down the river .
That's $ 60 in all .
I suppose so . Hair cut , please .
$ 16 . 50 .
I am looking for a pair of trousers . Do you have any good ideas ?
Excuse me ?
Smart .
And do you have friends there ?
I think so too . It's just pointless .
Around 12:00 .
Are you serious ? That will be wonderful !
Fortunately , she's not seriously injured .
I have your ballot card right here .
There was no evidence of who did it .
It's like $ 130 each ticket .
Hi . I'm shopping for my boyfriend's birthday . Do you have any suggestions ?
I like PCC better .
Yesterday . I was really sorry to see it end . The skiing was terrific !
What's the color of her eyes ?
I didn ' t say that either . I was hoping we could discuss the matter together . I want your advice but I don ' t want you to tell me what to do . I ' Ve got to make decisions for myself , dad .
How often do the buses run ?
What if I don't want to come in to the branch , can I use the consultation service over the phone ?
I worked in a department store in a small town last summer vacation .
So why is the face tilted to the right ?
But , Mom , I can't eat anymore . I'm stuffed .
Give me just a few seconds , sir , and I'll hand you your receipt . Here you are .
Well , can I start you off with some cocktails while you are looking over the menu ?
Yes , as the New Year is coming , they ' re organizing a party for all their customers .
I see . What is your baggage ? And do not remember the tag's number or color ?
Who's it for ?
Watch our computer demonstration , please . You'll be convinced that our product is superior . ( After the demonstration )
I was calling about your son .
On that day , boys are supposed to give roses to their sweethearts .
I ' m from Living , Yunnan Province .
Any time between 8 a . m . to 9 p . m .
I don ' t know what to wear ! Ok , give me your opinion . Do you like the way this looks ? The striped short sleeved shirt with this checkered sweater and my lucky sandals . I like the cut and hemline of these shorts so I think I ' ll wear these as well .
Hi , Tom . Want a cup of coffee ?
Actually , I was thinking about something from the 1920s .
I know , darling . I must earn enough money to buy a car . I do a part-time job to increase my income . Don't worry , I will take care of myself .
So you mean you feel ecstatic one minute and then blue the next ?
Yes , I'm dating someone . Her name is Amanda .
Right , so I picked up a copy of the Sunday Globe this morning .
And then you just pour the batter into the waffle iron ...
Am I doing this the right way ?
Hey George , how is your chicken ?
To start with , may I ask why you chose to work at our company ?
What time should we meet ?
I certainly am . What can I do for you ?
But the ads say they're most nutritious .
The cowl-neck pullovers are new in . It sells like hot cakes .
Mr . Cook is on Line Six . I'll put you through .
Hello sir , how may I help you ?
I am 100 % certain .
Until you pay it , you can ' t check out books .
I told him I would divorce him if he wouldn ' t tell me the truth or end the relationship with her .
I wish I could stay a little longer , but a lot of things to do back home .
All right . But I am very poor at math . Would you like to help me with my math ?
No , that would be crazy . But then who will it be ? Oh dear , it must be me . I should have known it ! Why else would he have talked to me alone about the downsizing . What should I do ? I've got a family to support .
You mean Armistice Day .
Oh , that's what you think , huh ?
Certainly . Here you are . They ' re the very latest fashion .
I really like the Jacuzzi bathtub in the bathroom .
That ' s way too much money .
Do you want anything to go with soup ?
There ! How is that ?
I would recommend doing some squats . Spread your feet about shoulder-length apart , toes facing forward , and slowly bend at your knees .
I want to tell you I've put in my notice .
What does he do when it rains ?
What ' s your plea ?
That's great . I'll take her .
That's a good idea . What time is good for you ?
That's exactly what I want , thank you .
Wonderful , does anyone have any questions about this project ?
Well , they took us along with some paramedics . There was this guy who fell off his motorcycle and suffered a concussion as well as a couple of compound fractures . His wounds were pretty serious so they had to rush him to the hospital . It was intense !
Is that better ?
We have to pick up Conrad before the party .
Interesting . That ' s very different from the Chinese education system .
She must be fuming with anger at such a bid , wasn't she ?
I am calling to inquire about the position of PR manager . What requirements does the job need ?
Do you feel all right ? You look Pale .
Oh ... wow . That ' s really pretty . Jess would love that . But ... I was thinking of something a little more delicate , perhaps a necklace ?
The swim stations are available to all guests for no charge .
Shall we take a chance ?
Thanks a million .
Well , he's become friends with a couple of older boys who are in a band . And one night last weekend , he came home really late , way past his curfew .
Someone told me to go to a convenience store and see how much a soft drink or a tube of toothpaste costs . The idea is that by comparing the prices of those items , you can figure out the relative prices of everything else .
As along as we stay away from anything alcoholic , we should be okay .
Simple , it's fun .
You should use the A4 paper is all right .
Would you like tea or coffee ?
OK . And keep doing that until most of the egg is cooked so you should have a nice thick omelet and then flip it over , you'll only have to cook that side lightly . Put your fillings on the top and fold it over and let it sit just long enough to melt the cheese .
Well , the express one , with air-conditioning .
Could you elaborate on that ?
You haven't seen the sights yet , have you ?
I've got 6 packets of cigarettes and 2 bottles of champagne . Besides , I have two cameras , one is for my own use , and the other is a gift .
You ' Ve been working there for so long with so much sacrifice . You definitely deserve it .
Okay . Would you like to have lunch some day next week ?
Is 12 o'clock convenient for you ?
You don't need to worry about that .
One moment while I go and get my ID .
Well , I came to know a girl 3 weeks ago and we have so much in common .
Do you know what kind of internet you would like to get ?
Thank you for your compliments . I will try even harder to repay the company and your support .
What's your method of learning ?
Don ' t hold your breath !
When should I make my presence known ?
That's neat !
My mother likes to split hairs .
Exactly . But later on , he cares more about his career than love . Work seems to be the better all , and all for him-so much that he doesn't even grudge sparing a day out with me .
Coming as ?
I'm going to the bank .
What magazine do you want to subscribe for ?
Sorry I was late for the meeting today . I got stuck in traffic .
I have a TEFL certificate .
Oh , no . I don't think I'm in that good form .
Yes , what's wrong ?
I ' m waiting for a bus and going for a walk in the park .
They're so much fun to eat . You can suck all the coating off first ...
I thought that you had your own parking spot ?
I ' m not going to tell you .
Guess , what I ' Ve bought for you .
If it's any good , I'll buy a copy when it comes out in the pocket edition .
That's a good suggestion . It's fine today . Maybe I can take photos on the scenery of the lake at sunset . It must be fantastic .
Hello , this is David .
Your knowledge of English is really surprising .
Has all the work done by men been replaced by automatic computers ?
She wants to be a manager .
My chicken tastes all right , but it is pretty dry . How is your fish ?
You do have great taste . That's the most expensive stuff here .
Oh , so he ' s half Chinese and half American . That ' s unusual . What languages does he speak , then ?
I ' m a new student in the school . My name ' s John .
He always says I am a hard worker with consciousness of responsibility , sufficient education , and enough experience .
Hi , what ' re you reading ?
What's her outlook ?
Yes , I can . I don ' t ride regularly though . How about you ?
It is because Montreal is a bilingual city .
Come on , I got numerous shots for that . You have no idea what I've been through with the needles .
Well , I hope you have a wonderful time on your library visits !
How could you know ?
My immediate family is very large . It's my mother , my father , my two older brothers , my younger sister and me .
No . If it's your birthday , then you don't need to pay a cent . Just blow out the candles and open the gifts . That makes the birthday a special day . Your friends will take care of everything .
What are you major in ?
Hopefully next month . Everything is a little rushed . We should be able to set up our branch office and expand our business quickly .
Mmmm ... I know ! We can go to a really bad sci-fi movie and sit in the back of the theater and make fun of it . What do you think ?
You've been gone for two hours . How could you get lost for so long ?
The deposit rate is 0 . 8 % every month .
Where'd the rest of your money for the bus go ?
I don ' t agree , but anyways , I think you should start thinking of a new year ' s resolution yourself .
Why are you in such a hurry ?
You found an apartment in the ads ?
150 pounds .
You're complaining again .
I missed it . I watch a live show of a concert .
No . We couldn ' t possibly .
Strange looking handle on that coffee mug , isn't it ?
OK . OK . I don't want to haggle with you . Let's say , how about 3 . 5 % ?
Your name and room number , please ?
oh , thank you . I'm going to the library , are you coming ?
Welcome . How can I help you ?
I'm in a bit of a hurry , Miss Liu . Can you wait for a minute ?
That's unbelievable . Why did this happen ?
Well , I ' ll be glad to help you out . We can deliver what you need to your office .
Here are the stamps and your receipt .
Welcome , Li Mei . Please give me your coat and hat .
Yes , but I don ' t think it was enough . He looked disappointed . I gave him three dollars .
They look really good on you . They look comfortable too .
Which is more interesting to you , flying kites or going roller-skating ?
Is that shrimp in the soup ?
Thank you for your reminding . Yes , please have it dry cleaned .
Set your heart at rest . I keep this in my mind .
What kind of people you find hard to work with ?
How about recommending him to use the storage room down the hall ?
Yeah you are right . This office is falling apart ! Frank told me the other day that the gutters outside were clogged and that ' s why the parking lot was flooded .
Gongshan Development Co . , Ltd . may I help you ?
Good afternoon , anything I can do for you ?
Thank you very much . We really had a good time .
December 23rd , please .
I have a good solution ... We need some new blood ! We should get rid of this president and boat in some new leaders !
How may I help you today ?
We're not turning on the heater in May ! You need to take a bath . We'll heat you up and see if you can sweat this thing out .
I see . But why don't you continue to work as a teacher ?
How about some chicken , ground beef , and some steak ?
And would you like to order now ?
If I remember correctly , time of delivery is another point in which we differ .
When can you start the job ?
I mean , you must register first before you send a card .
It does , but it won't connect to anything .
Will the blood test hurt ?
I know President Hu Into likes playing ping-pong .
She is the cheer-leader . They are required to put on a performance . Look ! Here they come .
According to what you did last time , I have my doubts .
Good ! Where is it ?
Do you know that song ?
Did you do you own stunts in the movie ?
We are thinking of a two days ' tour to Vienna .
OK , as I expected . How much will you allow me to borrow ? I mean , I don't need a massive sum of money .
There were a number of them , such as Department of Literation , Department of Journalism and Communication , Department of Art Design , etc .
Thank you . This one looks nice . Is it near the university ?
I ' m going to need you to complete this application .
do they serve the yogurt with anything ?
He is an accountant . I have been helping him for a week .
I went to get mine from IKEA .
Yes and I broke my phone too so I couldn ' t call you .
Wow , I didn ' t know ! Probably because I flunked history in school .
to be honest with you , Jason , I don't think I'm doing a very good job of balancing my schoolwork with my job . I'm always two steps behind . I've got to get back to the dorm and continue writing tha
I got the message . I'm quiting .
Yes , it is lovely . I have been expecting something like this for a long time . Thanks ever so much .
shall we keep Our friendship ?
I ' m here as a tourist .
Yes . I remember . But we never used to argue . You used to think I was wonderful . Where are you going ?
Is it always cold in Chicago and Boston ?
Okay . Wait a minute please .
What ' s in that section ?
Sure ! Please just fill in your I . D . number and ways to contact you here .
A warrant for what ?
I am calling to query about some of your information .
10:00 a . m . When am I supposed to check in ?
Sure . Okay , here is the website .
How can I travel by air ?
Hi , welcome to Rental Property Management . How can I help you ?
No , I was born in Gaoxiong , I only moved to Taipei after I graduated .
That's pretty much what I heard .
Oh , I thought I could make a right turn on red here .
If you take M / T , it will take a longer time for your brother to receive the money .
Small and exquisite in size , easy to operate , foldable and easy to carry are its charms .
The seats in the middle of this stadium are great , but they're already occupied by somebody else .
Tom and Helen got married at last .
This is the best card I ever received .
Say , how about having Chinese food for a change ?
Well , we have baby-sitting service . We will take good care of your baby .
Hey , watch where you ' re going !
So , why haven't you visited me ?
How long can I keep it ?
I'll make sure he receives the message .
Absolutely . Mm , this is really good .
Critics are not very happy with the movies that you ' Ve made recently . Does that bother you ?
Can I get you something to drink ?
I am so sorry to hear that . Is that enough ?
But there is a change in the number of people . There are seven of us . Three of my friends are coming soon .
You should take their advice . They know what's best for you .
OK . Now you dial 9 on the keypad . Do you hear the tone change ?
Do put yourself on a diet , otherwise you'll be too fat .
Is there any water damage ?
All these countries in two weeks ?
It's not the right material . Or the right color . I can't possibly accept it .
If you'd just give me your number and insurance , then I'll handle it .
Could you tell me the advantages of it ?
The maid has just delivered some laundry to my room . But it's not mine at all .
A physics class about the creation of the universe ? That ' s some pretty unscientific language there . Sounds more religious to me .
But when and why did you leave the company ?
What a washing machine ! It ' s getting worse today . Look ! Now it doesn ' t work at all . I think I need a new one .
I'm sorry . I'll ask next time .
Don't forget the sun block lotion . You don't want a sunburn , do you ?
I need to get home .
Yes , I think I can . I often talk to foreigners at English corner held twice a week at my college . They say my English is pretty good .
OK , I'm sorry it took so long .
I am sorry . sir . We will send someone immediately .
Mike , I had a good time too , but I am getting ready to move back to the east coast , so I think I shouldn't get too involved right now .
By bike , of course . You don't want to miss the beautiful scenery , do you ?
What kind of food do they serve ?
Why ? Do you have to make a choice now ?
Jim , I heard you ' Ve bought a new computer .
that ' s all right .
No , just tomatoes , please . And large fries .
Okay , if you'll just sign here , please .
I see . But , many supporters of the bailout argue that it could help save the jobs of millions of hardworking Americans .
I'm going to take you to your school to register for classes .
Did you buy new cupboards too ?
Hello . Is everything OK ? Can I help you ?
Try to keep cool . It's not an easy take .
Thank you , sir . Now , do you have a credit card , sir ?
Yeah , I love that , no class , no homework , and no exams .
Is she really ?
Are you going to see them soon ?
Really ? that ' s very good . What about French ?
You speak good English , though .
There's a lot of rain in summer , but it seldom rains in autumn .
Pass him .
I think so too . How much is it ?
What's your strong points ?
You said it . Many parents just don ' t understand know how to educate their children .
Are you a smoker ?
Whatever am i going to tell me parents .
Would you mind if I ask you whether you are married or not ?
Calvin , how much money did you spend last weekend ?
Yes , I did . I had a fine time .
So that's why it ' s hard to have a happy marriage with a foreigner .
I want you to have a walk with me .
Would you be willing to meet the extra cost if we meet your additional requirements ?
Both are superb in their skills . Anyhow , Fred is one up on Bill from my point of view .
I know ! Anyways I just talked to Alex ' s best man and he is organizing the bachelor party It ' s gonna be so much fun ! All the groomsmen are thinking up all the wacky and crazy things we are going to do that night .
Hello , Mr Trent . What can I do for you this afternoon ?
Really ? Where does he fly ? Does he fly to other countries ?
They always eat spaghetti and drink wine , don't they ?
What kind of anti-virus software do you use ?
I ' m so happy for the family ! They must be very relieved and excited about that .
I'd love to help you out , but I'm a bit short on cash this month as well . I had to get a new engine put into my car , and that ate up my savings .
And can you tell me what meetings I have this week ?
I'm very glad to hear that .
Sorry , I don't have any sugar .
I'd like to . Let's go .
Things were different this time . I sat by a math genius .
Do you have cruise tours ?
Right . The choice is yours , the tall one or the short one ?
Steven , have you got better now ?
Just use your head . If you were definitely making some big mistakes , you would be informed .
I did , too . Come and visit us again , will you ?
How much is it ? Eight films and a bar of chocolate .
If you got laid off or are working a lot fewer hours , you may qualify .
No , not yet .
As far as I remember , we sold about 40,000 pairs last year to you alone . Don't you think this annual turnover is rather conserve - time for a sole agent ?
We still have one more day to go before we return home . What will we see tomorrow ?
I prefer to go there next time .
Sure . While you ' re in the computer store . I will visit the book store opposite . I like to browse through their books if they have anything interesting .
I may just do that .
So you can download MP3 music from the Net and record it onto the MP3 chip ?
What is most important to you in a job ?
Really ? Great ! We will . Well , what's your flight number ? When are you leaving tomorrow ?
Is this your umbrella , miss ?
No problem . First , it's comfortable and cozy . Second , it has a lovely view of the city . Third , it has all kinds of electric appliances that we need , such as refrigerator , electric stove , heating apparatus , washing machine and dishwasher . Forth is the most important , the electricity is free of charge . Finally , it's located in the center of the city and the transportation is convenient .
Um ... Actually I am guessing you didn't get the MEMO . Your boss was selected to fill the vacancy in the CEO slot . He actually is the CEO now , or will be , as soon as the official press releases and hoopla is done with .
Check the drawer .
Don't remind me of that . This would be the last time I cut any classes for a basketball game .
It's absolutely free ?
Yes , but I don't like the story .
The initial amount is just 2,000 RIB , but we can go up to 100,000 RIB . But remember , it cannot exceed the amount on the certificates you are using as collateral .
Yes , the shoes on that shelf are on sale now . They are much cheaper .
The restaurant is on the second floor . Here is the key to your room . It's on the 6th floor , room 609 . The elevator is over there . And we also have a cafeteria on the top floor , if you would like something to drink , you can also call room service .
You ' Ve got a great personality .
I bet it is always full of cars .
Good . I'll give you a call tonight .
David , imagine meeting you here !
How far are you going ?
I think it ' s important to most people . The problem is that you can usually only find out if someone is honest by getting to know them .
One family skeleton of my family was that my younger brother has an axe to grind .
How nice ! Are you going to convert some RIB to US dollars ?
OK , I will take it . By the way , does the price include breakfast ?
Yes , I see . Go home to bed and take one of these pills every three hours .
Are you sure this is the right restaurant ?
How do you think the transport system in our city could be improved ?
As long as it doesn't take too long .
But you should tell me you were in love with her .
Thanks , but I'm a lousy typist .
are you ready for the meeting ?
No , I had no idea .
At our club .
We surely believe you .
OK , I promise . You promise you will be well soon ?
We only accept payment by irrevocable letter of credit payable against shipping documents .
Yes , I think so . The suit matches the trousers .
That would be over by the paper towels and toilet paper .
Are there any other cities where it's always hot ?
Can't you give me another chance and reconsider your decision ?
So many ?
I graduated and now want to get a BA .
What is your career objective ?
I want to open a savings account .
It's a good idea . But please be careful when you invest this time .
Good night .
So , I should choose that one ?
Yes . We have all kinds of colors for it .
They don't have a lot of organic foods there .
if you lose your job , you just have to go for a few months without buying all the junk you usually buy . If you live frugally , you ' ll save plenty of money .
Really ? I am sorry , sir . We will look into this matter . Would you please wait a moment here ?
Yes , he described her to me , and she sounded like my type .
$ 10 a kilo .
No , I left it in the car .
BBS means Bulletin Board Service .
No , doctor . I've actually put on two pounds .
Do you think that there's life on other planets ?
So , where can I start my work ?
What's taking you so long ?
Good morning . Please come into my office .
Well , there's a bench under the tree . We can sit there .
What do you mean , Mom ? For breaking your best china ?
She is a great addition to my class .
Mangoes . What are they ?
that sounds dreadful !
Yes . I've already been to several clubs here .
Do you have a car ?
The fish was pretty special , but I loved the dessert .
I'm going to work in a multi-national enterprise after graduation .
Oh , George , what a beautiful day it is today ! The sun is hot and there are just a few clouds scattered here and there ! What a perfect day to be at the beach ! The kids are going to have so much fun ! And we ' ll be able to relax in the sun while they ' re playing .
Yes , can you tell me how to use the phone in my room ?
Wow , that terrible movie is finally over . Next time I ' m picking the film , because I don ' t want to end up seeing a chick flick .
No , it sounds wrong . He was born in the 16th century .
OK . Would it be all right to look at the room first ?
Of course . We gave him a big carrot for a nose .
All right . Well , I'll see you later .
Through this course , I can learn more about the world around us clearly .
This is going to be a major production for you !
Oh , my goodness . I'm sorry . But I don't think tai chi is to be practiced like that .
200 yuan for each person .
Great ! Will you please tell me how to take it ?
Hey , Mary , nice to see you again . I heard you're going back home to the U . S .
What's your name and account number ?
All right , I will try my best . If there aren ' t any holdups , I think we can get there in time .
Okay , you should take 1 capsule 3 times a day . Be sure not to take it on an empty stomach , and also , don ' t ever mix it with alcohol !
That ' s sheer robbery . I ' m sure you can do better than that .
Why are you feeling depressed ?
Maybe it is right since everything is possible . You know the market changes quickly these days . But I still have doubted those funds with bad stock performance . For me , his stock record is the very important criteria to decide which to buy . I really want to decrease the risk reach the minimum and achieve the maximum returns .
Should we use the stairs ?
No wonder your English is so good .
Where to , miss ?
No . But it is urgent , and I need to see a doctor as soon as possible . I am really in bad shape .
Apple pie is my favorite .
At which stop should I get off ?
I guess you'll have to wing it .
What about these shirts ? Do you see anything you like ?
Excuse me , do you have a vacancy ?
You do ? OK , fine with me .
are you still coming to my place for dinner tomorrow night ?
Ok , for starters we have Tom Yam soup . It's a bit spicy , but really good !
I wish you good luck !
Why not ? Why can't we go back to the way things were ?
Did you listen to the weather forecast ?
All right , those sound good . I ' ll take it .
Honey , it's almost noon . We have to go home and make lunch for your sister .
I didn't pass the English exam . How to learn English well ? Can you give me some suggestions ?
Could you please remind me which floor you are on ?
It's about 5 degrees centigrade .
Really ? We have only one chance every year .
Are you worried about anything ?
Silly boy . Green Food means the plants grown without using any chemicals , fertilizers , and pesticides .
( At counter 1 . ) Do you take parcels here ?
Large .
But Ben is not a bad man . I know him from A to Z .
No , not at all . Go ahead .
I really love this music . It's a compilation .
If you need help , don ' t hesitate to ask me .
We have several applicants for this position . Why do you think you are the person we should choose ?
I hope you will find a place . Listen , I'd better go . I am going to be late for class .
It ' s truly exciting to work in newly emerging unified market . Brussels will be center of the new market in the continent .
I would like to have a custom-made skirt .
Have you signed up to join the company ' s Christmas party ?
The toner has run out and there's none in the stationery cupboard .
There are passes for a day , month , and week , and there are student passes .
Thank you , sir . I expect to hear from you as soon as possible .
Typical you , always wanting to keep the best things for yourself . The more I appreciate the gift now .
All right . We are waiting for you at seven .
Yes , I liked it , too . Did you like the acting ?
Not too bad at all . Do you have a minute ?
OK , I'd like to purchase 500 US dollars worth of Traveller's Cheques , please .
I think so . I bought it four months ago .
Yes , stay in bed and drink a lot of water . Your fever will be gone in a day or two .
Well , cabs are more expensive than the bus or the subway . It ' ll probably cost around six dollars .
I wish we could , but we can't , you see , we are not insured .
No , it won't .
It's the Powell orchestra .
What do you care , dork ?
I can ' t go through with this ! I just can ' t ! I ' m not ready for marriage ! What was I thinking ? I ' m only thirty five years old ! I ' Ve got my entire life ahead of me , adventures waiting ! I can ' t settle down yet !
I like him . He ' s good for her .
I'm still sleepy .
I ' m free tomorrow but I suppose that will be too late .
Mmmm ... that does sound interesting . Is there anyone available I can talk with about this in more detail ?
Of course . We wash the windows inside and out .
Give me a moment , and I ' ll check .
Well . I want a note from the doctor this one and to be honest , if it continues , we may not be able to have you here .
Well , there was one good piece of news . You remember the local girl who was dying of a rare blood disease ?
I ' m serious .
Maybe I should just get a tongue piercing !
I've run out of steam . To be honest , I want to be in a different environment .
I'm afraid I've got a terrible cold . What should I do ?
I've had a great time and thank you for your spending so much time showing me around .
How terrible !
How do you do ? Mr . Brown . I am Susan Heywood .
I haven't been shopping there , but maybe I'll try it sometime .
Hey Susan , what are you coming as this year ?
I know , I know . But you always bat around without doing things useful .
Our price is worked out according to the costing . A 20 % commission means an increase in our price . So , I'm afraid we have to decline your proposal of acting as our sole agent .
Yes , I am . You must be Tom . Nice to meet you .
I've got a sore throat and my chest hurts .
Are you ready for the big competition today , Todd ? The winner gets two tickets to the Sydney Olympics !
I may go grocery shopping later .
He looked his age .
Yes , I'm glad I have come .
And Tom , you will help Johnny with his homework , won't you ?
What about roses ?
Okay . That ' ll be 80 bucks .
That sounds like a good deal .
Ok . Would you please put all your luggage on the scales ?
Can I mail it in late ?
How you feeling ' , vista ? Mind if I take your friend ' round the dance floor ?
Yes , this little boat gets up a fine speed , and I think we'll soon get to the land .
It's straight down this road on the left , next to the museum . It takes about 10 minutes .
How's the weather today ?
Huh ? You mean you snuck a peek at his test ?
she usually doesn't wear anything but a few drops of Chanel No . 5 . But I'd like to buy her a new Fragrance .
Also several copies of your one-inch color photos .
We have only one position open .
There are thousands of hot springs and fountains . The park is known for them .
Well , if you want we can go together sometime . Actually I was thinking of going this afternoon , if you like , you can join me and I can show you the neighborhood along the way .
Sure . I'm really sorry for the trouble I've made .
I came here to get a chest X-ray .
Well , I suggest you just keep me posted . That should do it . That way the burden is on me to decide when to buy , not you .
Don't worry . His teacher will tell him to be good .
Oh , lilies of the valley . No , I am sorry . We are all out of them right now .
Can you recommend some must-try ?
Sure , I will . How can I miss that ?
Nice to meet you Mr . Jones .
Some provide wrong pictures for the goods , so many buyers are deceived .
I think whiskey will be a good choice .
Just some water , please . Do you have any ointment for my nose ? It feels so itchy after blowing my nose so much .
That's great ; I can give an extra key to my wife . I feel perfectly comfortable with her having a key . Thanks for your help .
I'm not so sure of that . I think it's difficult for me to push sales at such a price .
Why don't you have dinner with me tonight ?
Good . You probably should be much better by tomorrow .
Yes , we are travelling at rush hours . It could be very crowded in the morning and after 6 o'clock in the afternoon .
That is exactly what I needed ! What else do you have ?
How many passengers are there aboard the ship ?
I can give you the name of a few useful website to visit .
And what ' s the problem ?
I thought it would be easy , but I didn't pass it .
No , thank you , I am not interested .
Yes , but that doesn't make them right , does it ? Just because they think so ?
I'm going to need a taxi .
Sure , a studio would be fine .
All right . Gotta go , bye , keep in touch .
I know . I am available from 1 PM to 4 PM on Friday afternoon .
Our standard package includes health insurance , two weeks vacation and a company car .
And your passport number ?
This is delicious ! The ginger and lemongrass really gives it a nice taste !
That's all you need .
We have a live show of a football match this Friday night .
No , he isn't . He's an engineer , the most famous one in our company .
Oh , I ' m going to meet my girlfriend in Thailand .
So , are we all ready to go ?
Certainly , Mr . Emory . What can I do for you ?
Does it bite or scratch ?
Did you open it before we left ?
Only $ 2,100 ? Okay , let me have one .
We can live well , I think .
We have to wait six more minutes !
OK . Please fill in these forms and take them back when you are done .
Yes , we are . We can neither play football nor do our homework today .
What candidate did you vote for ?
Oh , so you're a frat boy now , huh ?
But Mark's birthday is in April so I need to think about his present soon .
Oh , good . Can you describe it ?
No , not much . My wife doesn't like to ski . She prefers vacationing where it's warmer , like Hawaii .
Is that right ? It sure beats the old one ?
Of course , we'll need some documentation from you . Like your resident permit , proof of salary and your USD Deposit Certificate , to use as collateral .
How could we advertise our celebrations to mark the centenary of the founding of the university ?
I've finished .
What makes you say that ?
Is the new computerised stock system in operation ?
They run about every five minutes .
You must be Wily . It's nice to meet you .
Look , Elaine Robinson and I do not get along .
You are kidding me ? It is against the labor law . They should be aware of their rights .
It has an ice maker , water dispenser , and plenty of room on the inside .
You do , I'm afraid . There are 3 ways to do this . You can choose , mortgage , pledge or guarantee mode .
Yes ! You can also try to reduce your intake of carbohydrates and foods that are high in cholesterol . You can have steamed veggies or increase your protein intake found in chicken or fish .
Anyhow , it's a long way to China , isn't it ? And I think you must be very tired .
Well , in that case , I think a checking account may be more convenient for you . However , there's a service charge .
I'll tell you what . Your class can rent them from me for the night and buy back any damaged ones .
I'm sorry to hear that . Take good care of your husband . I'll find another one to replace you .
My hair looks hideous .
Can I give you some advice on a loan , or ...
Sheila , how about that fashionable blue dress ?
how do you manage it ?
Think of something .
Yes , madam . I know that I'll be expected , first of all , to work hard if I'm hired .
It all depends .
Oh , everything comes back to life in spring and the weather gets warmer .
So there is something wrong with her ! It was beginning to sound like she was too good to be true !
Oh , yes , I do . My present job is similar in that respect , and I think I ' m doing a good job .
The courses I completed are marketing , business law , business English , statistics , marketing principles , sales management , distribution theory , economies and psychology .
I got a bachelor ' s degree .
It can't have been that bad . Go on and tell me about it .
Cigarette ?
Sorry , miss . I'm afraid we don't have any on hand today .
Great . See you then .
I think it ' s my ankle .
Yeah . There's an express that leaves in twenty minutes .
Pardon me . I need an old music box .
Yes . I'll welcome other opportunities to do business with you .
They sell them at the shop around the corner . We can go and get some in a few minutes .
I do like it . Can you come down a bit ?
All right , Mr . Green .
Way to control is really using common sense when you plan your eating habits .
Have you anything to declare ?
The unit price is $ 12 . 50 .
Well , may I cash these three checks for 100 dollars each ? I think that will be enough .
Do you have a pen that I can use ?
I understand your feeling . When someone is feeling at loose ends , we may show mercy on him . This is what we call the " milk of human kindness " .
I bet you had a wonderful time
How did you like it ?
It is , isn ' t it ?
I know what I am doing . Don't worry . Can you do me a favor ?
He says kick mommy , beat mommy , don ' t want mommy very quickly if I do something that he doesn ' t like . You know , if I wash his face or change his clothes , things like that .
Um ... well , actually , we had a fantastic time last night . He was ... amazing !
Of course , tomorrow evening there will be a most exciting game .
As the city grew , it must have absorbed many village nearby .
I see . Why not use wooden cases ?
How do you spell you first name ?
Good morning , Mei ! How are you ?
Oh ? Where do you work ?
To Australia . I'm going to visit my uncle in Brisbane for three weeks .
That's terrible .
We waste a vacation .
It's made in China .
Professor , I am going to need to leave class early today .
Sure , I'll take mine , sunny side up .
You look pale . Are you seasick ?
And do I take that road ?
Yes , it would . Don ' t worry . There ' s a lawn outside the building and there ' s the park nearby . This place will be fine .
I really can't work overtime . Because my husband has been ill recently , I must take care of him .
Which school is your children in ?
What degree have you received ?
But isn't it too impolite to be absent ?
A 9:12 flight in the morning and a 14:00 flight in the afternoon .
I have some I can bring from our place , and there ' s some more out at my parents ' .
Hi ! Does this hotel have an exercise facility ?
Give me one bottle of thirty tablets .
What time , sir ?
I need to come to grips with his death first . And I also need to prepare a eulogy in case I'm asked to speak tomorrow .
Ha , ha , ha ! Yes , I guess I deserved that . Let me explain , okay ?
If you want my advice , you won ' t invite yourself any risk .
Yes . And Chinese style .
Look , the reason I came into your store is because I was spending the day with Annabell and matt . And I was buying them presents . I ' m the type of guy who likes to buy his way into the hearts of children who are his relative . And there ' s only one place to find a children ' s book in the neighborhood . That will not always be the case . And it was yours . And it is a charming little bookstore . You probably sell what 350,000 worth of books in a year .
I'd like to have a steak sandwich and a medium fry .
Come on ! In the two hours we've been here , you haven't sung even one song !
That's a good idea . Wish you a great vacation !
You're talking to her .
I'm glad you came . You're welcome anytime .
No , it's quite simple . When you get on , just ask the bus driver when to pay the fare and where you want to get off .
I am here to show you how to put together the perfect resume . It will turn out great !
Can't you see ? I'm practicing tai chi !
Thank you , I just tried my best . I am very happy to know you like it .
it's on at 8: 00 pm at the Phoenix Theatres . I have a membership there , so I can book the tickets ahead of time .
The 267 stops at Altadena Drive and Fair Oaks .
What do you mean by us .
Probably . I love green tea . It's one of my daily necessities .
Ok , I will inform everybody when they come back from lunch . It has been a long time since we had the department dinner last time . I am sure they don ' t want to miss it .
I was told to come to you to get a chest X-ray .
Tell me where it happened and how ?
Does he ask you to pay some fees ?
The hours couldn't be better , 24/7 .
And we ' re on the brink of soccer history today , as Ecuador and Brazil are tied one-one as we begin the second half of the 2022 World Cup !
Oh , I always have difficulty in getting along with the staff .
John , why don ' t you go and do some gardening ? The lawn needs weeding .
let ' s start with you . How was yours ?
Do I need stamps ?
My name is Jenkins . My phone number is 7539738 2 . that ' s confirmed then . 7 thirty on Friday .
Where will it be ?
Yes . Look , it is on my desk .
maybe they were just attracted to each other but too different to be married .
thank you very much !
Peas and carrots .
She has light brown eyes , absolutely beautiful .
How can you cash them when you arrive in the United States ?
Reception . May I help you ?
There was a stop sign ?
Danny , back to your position . Move !
She's eighty-seven .
Absolutely ! Everything that ' s thrilling turns me on .
I think I do . I don't think I can be happier with another girl .
Really ! So it is just near my office building . Great ! How much is the rent ?
I am not as familiar with it as I am with some of the older systems . But I am a fast learner and I can master it in a short time .
OK ! How long dose it take you to deliver if we order 1000 pieces of silk ?
That's too bad .
Good morning . I have a Bill of Exchange against Bank Acceptance here . I'd like to discount it . Is that possible here ?
Ok , Mr . Smith . Do you have any bags to check ?
If you take good care of it , it will last you quite a number of years .
My mom and dad insist that I be home before ten . Do you have a curfew ?
I promise !
Ok , I guess . My boss has been on my back recently .
Yes , it would . It ' s very expensive though .
I have been a production manager .
I mean you can buy things through the Internet , that is E-commerce .
Could I have one more blanket ?
Do you have your own circle of friends ?
It's a suitcase . But I've forgot the exact color . Maybe it is red or something .
Not a bad idea !
I drink a lot of wine .
That's great . I'd like to book four single rooms , five double rooms and three suites .
They may unless we get a half-price ticket for you .
Yeah , you too !
What did the pilot do ?
Who else has been here ?
Do many people like tennis ?
Why don't you take the CPA exam ? You are already a good accountant , having so many years of experience .
I don't really have time to learn anything new . I need to spend my time studying !
Ms . Lee , could you tell me what number 7 is again ? I didn't catch you .
Are they in school ?
I think a bottle of champagne would be a good idea . It's appetizing and tasty .
Yeah , I worked as temporary staff in her concert . Look , her poster , a CD ...
They showed flowers that only provide their nectar to one type of butterfly or bee . The insect has to be the exact size to get the nectar . Other insects cannot get it . Of course , when the insect molle
OK , Fitness Consultant . How many subscriptions do you want ?
This is Mr . Gao . How are you ?
I am calling to inform you that we have arranged an interview for this accountant position at 2 PM this Thursday afternoon . Please come on time .
( Benjamin starts to run and then he seems to remember something and returns . ) Ugh , excuse me , where is the Lost and Found ?
That ' s really not my problem .
The weatherman says it's going to snow tomorrow .
I see . What can I do now ?
No problem , sir . Let me help you .
Sounds great ! How many kinds of folk collections do they have ?
How will you be paying ?
Everything's going to be on sale next weekend .
Why do you think you might like to work for our company ?
I think I should be more careful next time .
I kind of want a soda .
I know , I'm sorry .
Is everything to your satisfaction ?
I only typed several copies of my resume .
What time do you want me there ?
I'll take two value meals .
But I still have to tell her .
Religions preach tolerance , but many wars are caused by intolerant religious fanatics .
How much can you drink ?
Yeah , the smog from all these cars gets into the air and turns the sunlight red .
Well , black people are supposed to be great dancers .
I want to check these three pieces and I'll carry this carry-on bag with me on board .
Ho , no !
What is the price of this house in the flyer ?
Do you have any experience driving a car ?
Sure . What about you ? What do you like about the Olympics ?
That ' s the funny thing . I don ' t what ' s wrong with me . I just feel exhausted .
Would you find any other available flight to Tokyo ?
Shall I make an order now ?
We have received your letter and resume , and we thought we would like to ask you to come here for an interview .
Ok , here ' s a list of chores we need to get done . I'll do the dishes and get all the groceries for tonight . You can sweep and mop the floors . Oh , and the furniture needs to be dusted .
Generally speaking , Mark's personality is much more agreeable than Jones
Yes , we can do that . We require the original Trading Contract and also the VAT Invoice and the Commodity Delivery Documents . They all need to be in duplicate .
No , I just for fun with my friends . We play two hand touch or flag football . We're too old to play tackle football .
Some of my friends play cards on the internet . Have you ever tried that ?
Not really . That ' s pretty heavy metal .
Good ideas .
I hope to study English literature .
Let me see . Did you change anything on your computer ?
There are many lakes and rivers in your country too . We also have many rivers , but only a few lakes .
To be honest , I'm really fed up with work at the moment . I need a break !
Reciting texts really bores me to death .
I'm afraid there's nothing available before noon .
It certainly was ! So , what are you going to do with your windfall ?
Oh , don't be so sad . You can ask for a salary raise .
Yes . I would like some information for requesting a loan .
Could we have you make all the necessary plane , hotel , and tour reservations ?
It ' s that really necessary ?
But don't forget you are in a cafe .
I like music that has a fast beat and is lively , like dance music . You know , I go to a disco almost every week . Sometimes it's too loud though . You prefer classical music , don ' t you ?
Where is your seat ?
Well , we've just acquired a new business so we need to set up a lot of services with you . We are particularly interested in Agent Services .
Impossible !
I'm standing in front of an exquisite work of art !
Oh , yeah ?
And maybe you suddenly have new interests . I mean you suddenly begin to do things you used to avoid , ie . You used to sleep in every morning , but because she jogs every morning , then you begin to like jogging .
Bulldog 123 is just the street . You have to give me the city , state , and ZIP code .
Sure . As for our financial situation , you can inquire about them in the national bank . They handle all our financial documents .
Be a little more open-minded , Stu ! Don't believe everything you read in your history books !
What can I help you with today ?
She has nothing that deserves my jealousy . I don't have to put things on my face and I still look pretty . Don't you think so ?
Oh . What good is that ? I thought it gave you free money .
Do you want some stuffed bun ? It's delicious , too .
Firstly , you should go to the supermarket , which is nearest to our company , to buy some fruit , drinks , desserts and cakes . Here is the list of things you need to buy .
Liquor is considered a luxury item . And also , it is considered as something that isn't very healthy . So if people want to buy it , the government thinks it has the right to tax it .
can I see your passport , please ?
Oh , I just can't forget it .
I thought this was the right stop .
Yes , I sure can . I feel like a dinosaur with all of these youngsters and their electronics . This machine is working , then ?
That's quite all right .
That's a bit high for lasagne . I'll just set it at 180 degree and we can take it from there .
Yes , of course . And what's your plan ?
Not yet . But I wonder if I can get my parents ' consent .
I think that for a lot of people , it ' s just a way to try and show their country is better than other countries .
Yes , I have a very special one . I will be doing volunteer work in a zoo for two weeks . A friend of mine working there told me the other day that they were in need of some volunteer keepers . I was very interested . So I asked him to get me the application form . Lucky , my application was approved by the manager very soon .
Thank you , sir . I ' ll leave them here . If there are no problems , I ' ll mail them out this afternoon .
No , we will have lunch at the museum cafeteria .
Poor John ! He is bothering both sides of this bread .
Yes ...
Just the champagne will be fine , thank you .
It certainly is .
no thank you . She has big enough eyes as it is .
OK , I see . Here you are . Is that OK now ?
I forgot about the potatoes . Oh , I almost forget that we need a microwave oven badly . What kind of tea do you prefer ? Green tea or flower tea ?
I ' m so sorry that I have got to go . I have a business appointment right now .
Man , that sunset is beautiful . I ' Ve never seen one so red .
Why do you want to be a tour guide ?
I'm surprised you know so much about it . Where's your phone ?
Oh ... Um ... I don't think so . you know the halogen lighting is much more expensive than your track lighting system . Plus I'm going to have to call in some guys to install it for you . That's not going to come cheap .
No , east is the other direction . To get to the Bakery , you need to turn around and go three blocks to Broadway . When you get to the intersection of Broadway and Elm , you hang a left . Go straight down that street for half a block and then you'll see the building on your left .
Your wish is our command . Expect a call at 7 , and another one at 7 fifteen .
Are there any hobbies you do ?
Do you want to eat breakfast here ?
Well , you ' re in luck ! You see , if you sign up for our three-year plan , we ' ll throw in a handset for free .
traveling , swimming , going to the cinema . And you ?
There is nothing good at the moment . Let ' s do something different . Would you like to go to a concert ?
Will you give me your camera ? We have to confiscate your film .
Well . You must report that it ' s been stolen . And give the police description of your bag . You ' d better go to the local police station tomorrow morning .
The weather forecasters are not good at predicting the weather would be like . our weather is so changeable .
Yeah , I don ' t mind it either . We ' ll both end up rich slobs and not need it , but what if we do , you know ?
No , that's the number l that goes down Park Avenue . This is the number 2 .
I ' m having some trouble . How do you use this printer ?
Okay , I'll do that .
Ok , thank you for your time and patience .
Tasty and tender ! It must be one of the famous local dishes .
It's a perfect day for swimming .
I'm glad you like it . I don't care for it . Why don't you finish my tiramisu so that I can try one of those fried bananas ?
Can you help me with my timesheet ?
Your doctor wants to test your urine and needs a sample .
Hello . Thank you for seeing me off . You actually don't need to bother .
That ' s the best that I can do .
Then let me see .
OK . We will try some .
I'm glad that we've settled the price .
Open your mouth and show me your tongue . Say ah ... You have a bad cold . So you must stay in bed for a week .
That's 68 pounds altogether , please .
Honey , that ' s my pinkie . The ring goes on the ring finger !
Yes , It's pleasantly quiet here .
That is just an excuse . You can always find some time to exercise .
So won ' t you come down any more ?
yeah ! She could do anything she wants to me !
Well , that's not too bad then .
Well , in that case . I will call the manger , you can talk directly with him .
The count is up to seven right now and several are in critical condition .
Isn't that a good thing ? Having fewer bosses means having less stress , don't you think ?
What are you reading ? You've had your nose buried in that book since last night .
Yes , but the offer ended yesterday . I'm sorry .
It ' s supposed to leave in 30 minutes .
Can I get a discount coupon if I buy these goods ?
One of my snow-shoes that cause on rocks .
How did you meet your girlfriend ?
Do you still remember we already have a New Year celebration on January 1st ?
No , I don't know where that is .
OK ! You're all set ! Come back with me to your seat , and Eva will be right with you .
It's 100 % cotton .
Excuse me , have you got any laundry ? The laundryman is here to collect it .
Have you watched today's news ?
Okay . Have it your way , but don't say I didn't warn you .
Thank you for helping me .
How are you feeling , Flora ?
Hey , chill out , I'm just trying to help .
Yes . We're going to be married in my hometown church , the first minute of the new millennium !
Room 1019 .
Our company is in Pudding new area in Shanghai .
Well , all right . But I'm not very good .
He said I should put on something very nice , because this girl will be my next target .
I liked it , too . It was scary , but not disgusting . I always enjoy watching Anthony Hopkins . He's brilliant .
Well , seeing as the officer that pulled you over isn't here , I'll let you go .
I'm really not sure .
Well , I haven't thought much about this . I think it's too early to tell . What is most important for me now is to do the best possible job for the company and learn and develop my skills as much as possible .
He might be allergic to pollen . My niece is allergic to pollen . It seems like she has a cold , but in fact it ' s her allergy .
My long-term goal is to become an expert in this field .
Then I'll have to borrow it .
Will you say it again ?
Is there anything else wrong with it ?
What room was the leak in ?
I like the old styles of dance . Such as fox-trot , waltz , rumba , tango and so on . They're all graceful .
No , I can't . Perhaps your stewardess will help you to find a place to store it .
Boston University .
How are you , Kim ? I haven ' t seen you around for a few days .
Will I be finished then ?
I ' m glad they ' re coming in August . Maybe Greg and I can play some golf or get tickets to a baseball game .
We'd like to open another restaurant ... with you as the head chef and manager ...
Thank you so much .
Oh , he's my uncle . Come to my house at seven this evening . I'll introduce you to him .
Really ? It almost looks brand new . And the color designs are so retro .
It's at the back . I think you are near-sighted . You had better get yourself a pair of nice glasses .
Review all the lessons in this unit and see if you can understand the main idea of each lesson .
I think I can work well under pressure .
I'd like to open a savings account . Can you tell me how to do it ?
I go to the office by bus every day .
Very short time . I became an auditor within three months .
Well , we offer a 10 % charge for our members .
Okay , I ' ll need the name of the company and their bank routing number as well as their bank ' s address and phone number .
Yes . If you don ' t mind sharing room , there ' s one available .
That's fine with me .
I'm splendid . How about yourself ?
How do you spend your spare time ? Are you interested in sports ?
I don't know how to adjust my life . Would you give me a piece of advice ?
Bye bye ! Have a pleasant journey !
oh , no . We've brought your return ticket for you . I think you'll find it comfortable .
How many nights a week is it ?
How about this one then ?
The cancer ward ! ? Oh , my . It's worse than we thought .
Do you like NBA ?
I think that I will .
I don ' t have my resume with me , but I will send you a copy immediately . Can I fill out the application form right now ?
Excuse me , how many sightseeing spots are there in the park ?
What are you most nervous about ?
That about one hundred a month .
Chicago University . My major is Economics .
If you put it on your card , you can get an overall statement that lists all of the transactions .
Shall we bring our own bottle of wine to save some money ?
Bad luck , Anne .
May I try this on ?
I get it . You want to find a guide , don ' t you ?
I ' d like to withdraw some money from my account .
Victoria , you are back from vacation ! How was it ?
Did he leave when you left ?
Yes , are you engaged
All right . Suit yourself . I am going swimming .
Yes , we have an excellent retirement plan and medical insurance as well .
Let me have a look at the receipt .
Any drinks ?
oh , my lord . I haven't really started them .
Very well , thank you .
Really ? Why is that ?
That's not my fault .
What do you like to do in your spare time ?
According to our regulations , you will be on probation for the first three months .
Hello . I'm having a problem with my air conditioner .
Hi , how are you . Is Alice there ?
You see , we are tourists whose requests are different , so please tell me more about it , will you ?
That's because he's getting nervous . Anyway , this is the first time he's directed a play .
Actually , Miao Ping , I'm here to close my account with you . I'm going home , the company is transferring me back to London .
Yes . I ' m interested in a job your company posted on the Internet .
What courses have you learned ?
No , I left home at 6:30 as usual .
Good ? ! For them but not to me .
It's very dangerous , you know .
Yes , but let me check if he's available .
How about this pen ?
Michael donsie .
Really ? And Chris ? She was a very pretty little girl .
Don't go to too much trouble .
Yes , please . And you can cash my traveler's check , can't you ?
I'll cook dinner .
And which side of the business do you work in ?
We can borrow from a bank , the gross interest rate will be something like 7 % . With corporate tax at say 30 % . We are only paying on 50 % of this . There is still inflation to consider .
I see . How long will you need it ?
Just a minute ... go to this one . I ' ll send you an email with the line in it . It only takes a few minutes to download . Then you have to go through the set up procedures . But they are not complicated .
Yes , people surely can . He ' s whiter than the Chinese kids , and his hair is a little blonde . My husband says his eyes are very Chinese though .
I ' m afraid not , Bob . One of the major volcanoes in Mexico has erupted , causing major floods and landslides in the region . Meanwhile , Mexico ' s coast has been hit by hurricane Liliana and officials say that all the seismic activity leads them to believe that a tsunami may hit Central America , affecting Honduras , Guatemala and Panama . That ' s all the news we have for today , but stay tuned for updates on the six o ' clock news . Back to you Bob .
Why do you say " have to " ?
No , he's not . May I take a message ?
I don't want to .
I have an opening . Do you have an add sheet for me to sign ?
Do you think of television though as a great time-waster ?
Save it , Vince . After I put my first million in the bank , I'll say you're welcome .
Lin is a common Chinese last name .
I think he favors the host team .
I was just watching a documentary on tv about people use dogs for various purpose . It was very interesting .
Thank you , but Alice is only a visitor here . I don't know if she'll keep it .
Me either , but I ' m dealing with it anyway .
What are you using for bait today ?
Yes . I know many ambassadors in Chinese Embassy and British Embassy in China .
You always have a chip on your shoulder .
Well , I do feel quite down because I am going to miss Japan after being here for 9 months , in Japan . I am going to miss it so much , cause I've had a great time here .
I love going out into the countryside for walks or bike ride . I love being out in the fresh summer air . How about you ?
Put your job experience first , if that is more impressive than your education .
Sounds like it must be just full of caffeine . I want one of those instead !
Did she ask you any questions about your family ?
I think we're finished . Can you please turn off the lights and shut the door ?
I think you'd better apologize .
That ' s a good point . Car owners will probably be against it , but people who use public transport will be in favor of it .
Yes , speaking . How can I help you ?
I really want to obtain a permanent job . I won't leave as long as I have opportunity to apply my knowledge and get on well with my superiors and colleagues .
What should I do after that ?
I was more thinking of nice little fish or frogs or turtles or a pet rock .
But he seems to be very happy with Rose .
Didn ' t you sleep well last night ?
Cheers ! Let ' s tie one on .
Would you have any necklace that would go well with this ?
Will you book a ticket to New York for me ?
I admire your energy , Ruth . You are young at heart .
So when's the next forty-four ? Will it be here soon ?
No . I caught a cold two days ago . I only finish reading half of it .
You don ' t love me ?
I would recommend a soup with two or three small dishes .
Yeah , most of the people are from my office .
My name is Tom Smith .
Jeez ... I didn ' t realize a single bedroom apartment went for so much these days .
Hello , Steven . Do you have any questions to ask me ?
She doesn't mind if you don't mind getting your feet stepped on .
Oh , what a terrible situation ! This traffic is unbearable .
Room 1419 . Here's my key .
No , I want to buy a car , and that's going to take every penny I've got .
These days my son has turned his computer into an electronic playground . He plays football , rides horses , drives racing cars , and does a whole bunch of other things on the computer . The funny thing about it is that , no matter what he plays , he always wins first place . I wonder if he'll be able to cope with a defeat in real life .
Take care of Pamela when I am away . She is a nice girl . I don't want her to get hurt or anything .
You ' Ve been very helpful .
I've heard you're going to America tomorrow . I want to see you off at the airport .
Did you happen to watch the football game last night ? The Patriots scored in the last minute !
Are you a happy married man ?
Yes . I was chosen as one of ' the Top Prominent Youths of Beijing '
OK . This way , please .
What ' s wrong with it ?
How about the languages .
Yeah , there are many English signs , and wrong spellings as many as them .
We have a storage place here , but you have to leave a deposit .
Would you please fill out the form ?
I want to try the local specialty . Can you recommend me some ?
Hmm . ' You ' Ve got mail . '
She is always behaving herself , and she's so smart .
Welcome to Perfect Getaway Tours . How can I help you ?
Because your bank is a new one , I think I'll be given more opportunities , and the working conditions and surroundings are so excellent here .
I suggest you talk with him and teach him how to deal with the problems .
I ' m not sure , but I will arrange for you and inform you as well .
What does Mona like to do ?
You know , I think you ' re awesome .
Cool ! What brand
What will they be asking me on that form ?
( Get here ) Here we are , sir .
Are the swim stations open 24 hours , like the rest of the gym ?
How much will the roses be ?
Yes , but do you think there is eternal love in the world ?
What kind of change , just in prices ?
Isn't the shape cool ?
You should go to talk with May . She is a big fan of them too .
You shouldn't have stayed up so late watching TV . I told you we had to get an early start .
That is a part of chinese culture , if they think you are a lovely child , they touch your head and say , how cute you are .
I wish it wasn't , but there is actually a lot of crime and prostitution around here .
But we've can canceled one bottle .
That is quite an achievement ! Do you consider it your most rewarding work experience ?
No . It's all Greek to me .
Then , let me check . For the large quantity you ask , considering the cost of raw materials , I think 13 dollar is our bottom line . And I can assure you this is the lowest price in the market in nowadays .
Italian , Indian , and Chinese . I ' Ve only recently started cooking Chinese meals and I need some more practice .
The mayor and high official practice crony is mand a large number of guys who are good at nothing occupy many important positions .
No , sir . Can I help you ?
Yes , flexible , aggressive and creative people are urgently needed in the marketing department .
You leave next Tuesday , right ? What time is your flight ?
Come on , Mary . This is America . You make your own decisions here .
For me , growing up in a big family always made me yearn for attention . I always wanted to be an only child so that I could always do what I wanted and so that I wouldn ' t ever have to share .
I want the one with the highest interest rate .
what kinds of decisions do you leave to other people ?
What else do you want ?
Yes . I don't want to be stuck in a rut . I want to move on .
Actually , the woman playing Ophelia is a past classmate of mine .
Yes , I agree . The air here is much more polluted than in my country .
I ' m fine , Celia . And you ?
Twenty yuan .
You can try it on in the fitting room over there .
Would you like to try this one on ?
Really ? I got mine from her this morning .
OK . I know .
no , some people have Macs now , too .
I wonder how the burglar did it .
Normally , they're $ 2 each . Today , they're only $ 1 each .
I can wash my clothes for less money here .
Are you going abroad to study ?
In spite of this , international business contracts and arrangement must be precise , specific and all-inclusive to lessen misunderstanding , misconceptions and disagreements to the minimum .
Hello , Sir . What can I do for you today ?
Where are you going now .
Great ! They're the very books I want . May I borrow two books ?
How did you do it ?
Maybe we could make an exception for you if you win the bid .
A new broom sweeps clean anyway .
Wow , this new car is dynamite ! It is a shiny , beautiful car .
Oh , boy . His wife can ' t be happy about that .
Not often . Just when I make mistakes .
Good morning , this is Jane . This is Apple Co . Ltd .
I need to check out this book .
What is the rate for a double room for one night ?
Very well . You will need some stamps for the postcards and I need to weigh that package .
Oh , yes , your parents live there , don't they ?
I'm looking for some lipsticks . Do you still have some in peach rose ?
That ' s fine . We ' re going to drop in and see Jimmy tonight . Don ' t forget it .
Irene ! I heard you were on a date last night ! So , how how did it go ? I want all the juicy details !
No , we don't , especially the old people . But more and more young people fall for coffee .
Here you are , sir . I ' m sure she ' ll enjoy them .
we do balance each other out well . I guess we were really made for each other !
I am looking for a more challenging position . I can ' t grow anymore in my current job .
Can you give me directions to the office ?
Do you know what , let's change the second call to 7 thirty .
That ' s true . Well , how much do you think I should get ?
Yes . It is . One way to stop countries fighting is to cut off their financial support . Wars are very expensive .
Would you sit down and write down your name and address here ?
I'm going to mow the lawn .
Let ' s see . . . you ' re a Capricorn . It says that you will be feeling stress at work , but you could see new , exciting developments in your love life . Looks like we ' ll both have interesting summers !
It's ready . Do you want any milk ?
That ' s going to be a problem .
Fine ! I want a divorce !
But it used to be ignored by many people .
I'll have a glass of red wine please .
Which models do you sell the most ?
Do you offer mutton hot pot at noon ?
How much does that cost ?
sure , would you like to see them ?
Give me one more day .
OK , please wait for a moment .
Thanks . Cheers .
Do you want large or small bills ?
No , what ?
May I have your room number , sir ?
Do you have a particular type of food that you would like ?
Yes , I have worked in a bank for the last five years .
Yeah , I agree . Every wall has two sides .
I'm going to America .
But honey , I think you ' re terrific . There is nothing ...
well , I think you'd be the perfect candidate for the position . According to company policy , you'll still have to go through the formal application procedures though , so fill this application form in
Yeah . And a semi jack-knifed trying to miss a stalled car in the fast lane . You can imagine what happened after that .
Okay , I ' Ve decided . I ' m going to pop the question !
I hope I will meet her soon .
Mr . Smith has changed his job .
I ' m glad to hear that you finally found an apartment .
I am trying to decide what school to apply to ?
Oh , sorry ! There's a long story even with a mere pair of sticks .
What is especially impressive ?
Could you use wooden cases instead ?
No , I can't . I'm sorry . I have to help my mother . We're going to move tomorrow .
What kind of food do you like ?
have you been given a better offer ?
My name is Daniel Adams and my flight number is 374 .
The pay must be good .
yeah . It seems like we don't speak the same language as far as movies are concerned .
Susan , just one last week I went out to have a lunch with her . There is nothing for you to be jealous about . I like your company much better than Janet ' s .
Right . It ' s important to learn the culture of a nation if you want to learn the language well .
2:30 , please .
Really ? How can I do that ?
What time does the museum open ?
Happy birthday , Peter , and many happy returns of the day . Here's a present for you .
I hope it stays nice like this for a long period of time .
Of course I could read it . That's no problem . But you need to get it to me soon .
I can't wait to play in the water . My feet are burning when I stand on the sand .
I ' m planning on living with my parents . Won't you ?
I can ask for some advice from him .
I suppose so . That's probably why there are so many wonderful coffeehouses in China now .
Are you still working in Youth International Travel Agency ?
I like a family composed of many people . It includes grandparents , parents , aunts and uncles , and children .
You are the one who wanted to come here , Sandy . You should enjoy it .
Oh , I see . If I buy more than a set , can I get any discount ?
Would you ask him to tell us more about the country ?
Oh , just for a position as a gas station attendant . You know , starting at a simple lowly job , just like all the greats before they made it big in the world .
150 Yuan .
My pleasure . Have you seen the movie yet ?
Thank you . I just bought these new shoes earlier today .
Yes , I know , but I need the money urgently for a family emergency , you see . I know I should apply in writing if I wish to withdraw , but I'm afraid there just isn't time .
I am afraid it is too big .
Well , we went bungee jumping when we were in Australia .
A new two-bedroom apartment , around 100 to 120 square meters , in the Sanlitun area .
What's the difference between an outlet and a regular store ?
I know , but we want 1000 pieces . This is a very large order . So , can you give us a 25 percent discount ?
It ' s exactly twelve minutes past seven .
I agree that Miss Li doesn't teach so well . Most students either sleep or do other things in her class .
The street isn't wet .
Great ! Let ' s do it !
Yes , I have . I handed in my application form two weeks ago and I ' m going for an interview next week .
Of course . Do you want to see it ?
I can help you with that . Just have a seat and roll up your left sleeve .
Why don't you go out with Jack ?
Do you think I should lie in bed ?
Well , I guess I could give you one more chance , but this is the last time . In themeantime , I hear that Tom who normally does night shift is taking three weeks ' vacation , Can you think of anyone who would be willing to work nights while he is gone ?
You must be new .
Dear , don ' t worry . The police can help you .
Why should I do that ? It's only a piece of garbage . Why should you care ?
Really ? I think that's impossible !
I've brought a little dog for Alice , girls usually like looking after pets .
Hi , Daniel , how are you holding up ? I am greatly sorry for your loss .
Good job ! Please give them a bath later on today .
may i ask you for a dance .
Well , I really envy you for finding such a nice girl .
The streets are heavy with traffic at this time of a day , are they ?
I can't help it .
Now let's board the boat and have a ride on the lake .
That ' s too bad . She ' s been so kind to us all .
Really ! You don't have some kind of Chinese ghost festival ?
After a few years of gaining experience in the company and furthering my professional qualifications I'd like to put my experience and skills to use in management . I want to become a supervisor in your R & D department .
What's up ? Honey !
Yes , maybe they are short-handed in the kitchen tonight .
see , now something good has happened to you on a bus trip !
that ' s a good idea . Do you know anyone who has done that before ?
You are studying here , aren ' t you ?
Yes . I got the title of Advance Worker in 2006 .
I see . What ' s it like there ?
Will the library be open on Saturday ?
What about a factory tour ?
I always visit the places that I use as setting for stories . Readers like things to be as factually correct as possible-even in fiction ! I usually base my characters on people I have met . Most charact
There is a shop on the ground floor . It sells both Chinese and foreign cigarettes .
Yes , but it's blurred and a little dark .
No , I cann't . I'm in a hurry !
I don ' t understand how you can have any sympathy for show biz stars . They ' re overpaid , over-ambitious , and over-adored .
Yes , but I'm very busy with work . And you know how it is , sometimes people don't visit the tourist sites in their own country .
Yeah , sometimes .
That's what I ate yesterday .
( 15 minutes later ) Mr . Wang , we are deeply sorry for the inconvenience . The maintenance might last for a long time , may I offer you another room ?
Do you have a history of stomach pain ?
Now please wait until your flight is called . There are about twenty-five minutes to go .
No problem . You can choose what you like .
Did they accept the counter-offer ?
He's such a buppie-a black yuppie . Black people come in all shapes and sizes . Just check out the party .
I ' ll have apple pie too , but without ice cream . I have to watch my weight .
May I ask the date of your birth ?
Is there a price reduction ?
Is that why you missed work today ?
But they're just ads ...
That one truly is a beautiful piece of work , isn't it ?
I've heard . She looks quite depressed .
Twenty dollars per day for Volkswagen , Pinto and Datsun , and twenty-seven dollars for Plymouth .
Mum , when will we have them again ?
I never make any definite weekend plan until Friday morning . Then after listening to the weather temperature , I make my plans .
My birthday is coming up . We'll find out pretty soon .
What are your main concerns ?
Check and double check .
I'm having a hard time getting the information .
I also need three pounds of chicken breasts .
No problem . First of all , do you want to get a home computer or a laptop ?
Of course . I've arranged it at 10 0 ' clock tomorrow morning .
I know , it's not as I had planned .
I ' d like to ask whether it is correct to partake in the firm ' s insurance plan ?
Don't worry . I'm not much of a dancer myself .
let's go !
I'm probably going to spend the day looking at cars .
You ' re right . I wasn ' t . I hear nothing .
OK , so now we need a baking pan right ?
Wow ! Besides The Cosby Show , I've never seen a black sitcom . What's this program ?
We try to use as little packaging as possible . Also , all our bottles are made of recyclable plastic and we use recycled fibre in our boxes . That's what our customers want .
Though the AC has the air-purifying function . I ' d still rather have fresh air than smoke . Are you okay with that ?
Yes , I hear the tone .
Of course you can . ( Lead Carl to his garage . )
All right , we'll do an investigation .
OK . In cash or by credit ?
How long have you had it ?
Do you know who ' s just got married ? Old McDonald .
I hate the hot weather . I'd rather stay indoors with the air conditioner .
I want to get my car washed .
Hello , I'd like to subscribe to a magazine .
It's no picnic .
Well , have you thought of getting an MBA ? I heard it does wonders in getting you to the top .
Your name , please .
Yes , of course . We have day tour and night tour . Which one are you more interested in ?
Fantastic ! What do I have to pay per hour ?
You ' re right . This year should be much more exciting than usual . What ' s you favourite award category ?
I'm very sorry to hear that .
What does it say ?
OK . I'll surely have the bill ready for this evening .
But I'm quite careful when I'm browsing theinternet , I have no idea how I could have picked up a virus .
They're just gifts I bought . Don't worry . They are not heavy .
This is a circuit board .
My older sister Judy will be here soon to help . She already has a boy and a girl of her own ...
Who composed it for your ?
have you ever been camping in the Boundary Waters ?
definitely ! I would include one or two on each page if possible . Remember that you should make the report as eye-catching as possible .
But why would a guy be selling new video cameras for twenty dollars ?
Oh , the basketball team from No . 1 College ? I know they're a tough team .
Don't worry about it . Try to look on the bright sight of things .
I'll call the bus charter later . And have you announced the itinerary of this journey to all of them ?
And also tell me how to use other switches .
I see . They must have incorporated a series of Chinese cultural elements .
Okay , okay , what do you want ?
Oh . Graham . I love you so much and I really believe in our love .
Yes , you have a paid month holiday every year .
I'm not sure but there seems to be something wrong with it . Is it still under guarantee ?
It sounds like she's pretty good-looking . Does she wear glasses ?
Do you need anything else , sir ?
I know , it would be horrible if it rained and it was hot outside .
I think I might like some Chinese food .
My daughter isn't feeling well .
Absolutely right . He gave a performance of Felix Mendelssohn's violin concerto . That caused a sensation . The audience were stunned by his pure tone .
I don't know what to suggest . There're so many attractions , and they all sound interesting . One exciting program might be the Ten Thousand People Cycling round the Town . You can choose from the five routes that lead to different destinations .
I passed college English Test Band - 4 , with good skill in listening , speaking , reading and writing . I haven't got any certificate of computer skills , because I don ' t think certificates are necessary if what's needed is merely operating a computer . I think , to know how to use a computer is more important . And I'm quite familiar with Microsoft Office
I ' Ve had it a few days , but the rash really got bad last night .
Have you heard of Hot Fuzz ?
I matched the description of a robbery suspect .
Bull . I're done my research . I know you still control more than 65 percent of invoking options .
That's interesting to travel by boat to see the whole city that is between the sea and sky . But personally I like Greek better .
What kind of relationship do you think should exist between a supervisor and employee ?
My brother gave me a baby cat yesterday . I can keep it as my pet .
Here's the same pan , but it has a space-age , heat-resistant plastic handle .
Well , he is a hard case . Everyone would feel headache about him .
Maybe his phone is out of order . Anyway , keep working on it . I really need an answer about the contract I sent him .
no , we are just too different . This isn ' t working .
how did the business trip go ?
Oh , really , I thought it was a sign of rain .
What is the question ?
Regrettably , Mr . Sandals , we accept only MasterCard or VISA .
Premium or regular , Madam ?
if you gave him another 30 days , do you think he could figure it out by then ?
How do you know whether you should hit the solid or the striped one ?
Thank you . You do me a big favor .
You have a warrant out for your arrest .
George , is your chicken OK ?
Where are you going this weekend ?
No . Later we decided to opt for the prior outline , version 7 .
Well , check the newspaper .
What are your hobbies , Mr . Green ?
That would be wonderful . Thanks !
Oh . Yes ?
Sounds nice . We will take this , two bowls of shrimp rolls .
That ' s not all ! I also had to finish writing a sales report for my boss . In the end , I finished everything . I wonder what will be waiting for me tomorrow morning .
No ... He told me I'm pregnant !
I think he should be an expert of everything .
Bingo !
Hello , my name is Xu Hua . I'm from Beijing .
I have had headaches my whole life , but they have been getting worse lately .
Does he have a moustache or a beard ?
Do you want anything to make you feel better ?
I can do either one .
Maybe it's just a blessing in disguise . I've been wanting to try a new place anyway .
Did you play network games the whole night ?
About 30 . He's really outgoing . But why do you ask ?
My pleasure . But I'm afraid I'm not much of a dancer .
Then , I ' ll see you next week , Ms . O ' Brian ?
Can you tell me how to send one on it ?
It'll be about an hour . Are you going to wait ?
Wait , Jimmy , it ' s cold outside . Put a hat on !
why ?
There ' s a possibility . I ' ll check it .
$ 2 .
Well . I'll be honest and say you'll never be as good at bargaining as a local person . You're a foreigner and the sellers can see that . But ... if you're smart , you can get bargains that are not too far away from the local price .
I understand . Thank you .
What course did you like best ?
May I suggest our own hotel restaurant ? It got three stars in the latest restaurant review .
Can you send someone to fix my internet ?
Yes , I also need all the letters we received from them .
Oh yes , I loved it . Wasn't the scene with the judge great ?
We are all learning things that will help us in our interview . What do you think are some important considerations going into your interview ?
( several minutes later ) Now it's done . Is it satisfactory ?
Is there anything I can do for you ?
The acting of this film is marvelous . In spite of the thin plot , the acting , the music and the scene have won the Academy Award of this year .
Please don't forget to say good-bye to the rest of the family for me .
Come by any time .
I want to make a deposit .
How big was it ?
Don't worry , it should have been protected automatically . And I take an anti-virus software with me . Do you want me to install it now ?
Of course , I am sure . I bet someone stole it .
Okay , Miss .
I don't think we have any food .
So , you're going to have a really nice vacation .
You must have bought many things in the mall ?
I have an ACRE certificate , GRADE 2 .
Ladies and gentlemen , our flight will be delayed for one hour due to the congestion of the airport .
Sure . Here you are , $ 200 , Thank you , please come again ! Now it ' s my turn to roll the dice .
You're on .
Let's put it this way . I propose a sole agency agreement for Ladies and gents plastic slippers ( excluding children's ) for a duration of 3 years ; 60,000 pairs to be sold in the first year , 70,000 pairs in the second year , and 80,000 pairs in the third year , the area is to be within the continent of Australia ( excluding any neighboring island ) , commission 5 % .
Guess what ? He has just got the sack .
I hope the host team loses .
She liked the acting , too , because that's what she wanted to see .
Do you want to get something to eat later ?
What's your hobby ?
That would be our Saver's Plus account .
Are you listening to me , Dan ?
Maybe so , but I'm afraid that in case of damage or pilferage , the insurance company will refuse compensation on the ground of improper packing , or packing unsuitable for sea voyage .
I've already suffered enough without listening anymore to you !
Hey Annie , who is this picture of ?
Let's hope it is !
Good question . Yes , he has a moustache , but no beard .
Yes , I know it .
Do you know how to do it ? I am not so good at machine things . I will have somebody do it as soon as possible .
What do you exactly mean by usually ?
Yes , here you are .
I don't know , but I feel terrible .
Always print clearly , and fill in the bubbles completely .
Do they often take you out ?
What's the matter ? You don't look well .
Were your parents involved in that kind of thing at all when they went to school ?
Alright , I'll get it .
This seems a pretty nice room , I should say .
Woo . It has such a long history . I think I should take more photos of the university .
What about the next day ?
Great . What about the surrounding area ?
Well , a lot of the games were pretty silly . I don't know how much it helped us to be a better team , but i think everyone had a good time .
You are really a man who knows how to enjoy being alone .
why not ?
Which service offered by your bank do you use most ?
Good Morning Ann .
I want the new cards to be exactly like this card .
But you have had lily already ? You should have told me about her , but you didn't .
My boss gave me a big project . I had to have it finished it by this morning . It was so difficult !
I want to hit a few more places in the city , but I need a place to put my luggage .
Of course , I like .
Ok , should I use the fancy silverware ?
DVD ? Isn't that like a CD ?
All right . Here you are .
That's the best price we can offer .
Do you think you can teach me ?
Ms . : Let me give you a hall pass for it .
I can ' t believe it ! I thought the Cougars were going to win for sure .
Who are the bad guys ?
I see . Could you make an exception and accept D / A or D / P ?
Yes , and it goes beautifully with your pants .
I do agree with you .
At least we agree on that . Let's go and get a drink .
If I'm awake .
is she alright ?
No , it isn't . But sometimes it snows a lot in winter .
Well , I've noticed all the new cars around here , for one thing .
Would you care for a drink ?
Well , I'm afraid your father's not interested in modern films .
Any idea when you'll leave ?
Let me see if I have that right . This contract is for six months of training , but if it isn't cancelled , continues for another six months . Is that right ?
10 dollars .
OK , I see . As far as you think , how many buses should we get for them ?
You ' ll find the pipe in my bathroom .
Your brand new car is so excellent . I like it very much .
I'll have the stainless ones . They look very solid .
Well , do you have any experience in guiding ?
I don't think so . I say the weather report last night , and it said the weather should be fine all day .
I am sorry , miss , it's not allowed unless you want to buy it .
Our country is a free trade nation . She was mainly agriculture and rather a backward country and mow has developed into a modern highly industrialized state with an expanding economy . Parallel to this , her dependence upon foreign trade has increased . Increased output generates a greater need for raw materials , semi-finished products and capital goods . Thus . in many fields , our country is an important and growing market for exporters from other countries . But this doesn't mean that our country is an easy market , because of a liberal import policy and the high standard in our market is keen .
You ought to have worked harder then you wouldn ' t have failed your exams . You have to take a job and study .
Michelle , Can you help me clean things up before we go ?
Oh , OK . I hear there's a terrific show at the Sanger Theater .
My house is next door to yours .
I ' m sure plenty of people won ' t like that .
Why do you have to leave early ?
How much more would it cost to upgrade ?
I actually like having a curfew . I have an excuse to get to bed on time .
Good , I am sure it will work if you can persist .
Sounds great ! Shall I learn the actions that Jet Li did in the movies ?
that ' s better . Now what ?
Yes , I was there as an English teacher .
It should take us back up to Altadena .
I'd like to go to Tianjin .
Can you write it down for me please ?
The checkroom is just behind the front door .
We don't have a full-sized swimming pool , but we do have individual swim stations .
You got it !
They were delivered this morning .
Have you heard that we will have reorganization ?
A deposit , huh ? I would think my baggage would be enough of a deposit .
That ' s something we can discuss later .
The song you hear now .
Can I list my interests next ?
Ahahah ... you miss her point for sure . H & K actually is an acronym for ' hug and kiss ' .
That's right . As soon as I get home , I'll see about the opening of the letter of credit .
There will be a refund when I return the card , right ?
Well , I know you are pretty busy these days . But we have got to work fast on this . Otherwise , we'll lose the market .
I don ' t have any furniture , so it ' d be great if it were furnished .
I promise I will personally guard every single one and they will come back in perfect condition .
Pls wait a minute , let me check . Excuse me , but I can't seem to find your name on our list . Are you sure you have a reservation for tonight ?
Yes . That would be good .
Oh , really ? But you're doing the tango wonderfully well .
I believe that you called me ?
Do you think that there's intelligent life trying to contact us ?
That's Ok . you know , digital devices are becoming smaller and easier to carry , and they won't cost you too much .
No problem . I need some markers , some color pencils , a pair of scissors , some highlighter , rulers ..
Is this the foreign exchange department ?
We wanted to live in a more peaceful community and have more space . Another reason is , we can afford to buy a home here , but we can ' t in Chicago !
Ok , no problem . What class of service would you like - soft sleeper or hard sleeper ?
Hi , Bob . I heard that you had passed your driving test . Is it true ?
Oh , I see . By the way , where are you going for your holidays this year ?
Perfect . I ' ll pick you up then .
Yes , you too . Thanks for agreeing to meet with us about the new account . My associate , Susan Kim , should be here any minute . Would you like something to drink while we're waiting ?
No , seriously . I am impressed .
Well , the good news is the new industrial cleaning products really took off . Look how the sales have shot up over the last two weeks .
maybe I've got a higher EQ . I'm not sure .
You are only allowed to check out books or videos .
Certainly . Let me see . Oh , it's on that self .
Yes , I did . I have them here .
Sorry , turkey . I have already got dibs on the TV for tonight , remember ? And I'm watching ' Disco Fever ' on channel 6 .
OK , that'd be very nice .
So , what ' s new in the kitchen ? That refrigerator is new , isn ' t it ?
Don't forget to keep the seat belt on .
Warm water can be good for your stomach , which is empty at that moment . And freshness can keep the water active to clean your digest system .
They are . I think I'm going to get a hat too .
I accidentally knocked it off the table and it broke . I'm really sorry .
Sort of yes .
To the traffic lights ?
How long ago ?
What does the price in different kinds of invoices include ?
There is my wife who does the accounts and my brother who helps with the sales .
Oh , I understand .
Good morning . Yes , I am . But I ' m sorry I don ' t think I know you .
I'm sorry . I can't . What does the note say .
Oh my God , that's great !
What's the memory capacity of the computer ?
Sure , do you think you could live out here ? You know , back to nature at all ?
No problem , Rod . I won't play too hard .
I haven't danced for a long time .
That's right , mutton chops taste so good , we eat them with sauce , have you ever tried ?
Those are nice . What are they ?
Is she available ?
Is it Ok if I sit here ?
You've plenty of time yet . The railway station is very close . It won't take more than twenty minutes to get there .
If you don't mind transferring to another room , we may manage it for you . We usually have cancellations or no-shows .
What range of salary do you have for this position ?
first , you need to wash the vegetables and then chop them into little pieces .
It's not just for your drinking . But you are lacking sense of responsibility .
It's on your right hand side at the end of this hallway .
Millions of amateur investors like you , have to rely on a dizzying array of financial newspapers , magazines and commentators to get investment information .
He'll never do well in mathematics .
Pay attention to what the signs tell you in terms of time limits and what days you can park there . Do you know what the curb colors mean ?
Who is afraid ? I am not afraid .
No , I can't make it today .
What are you trying to say ?
That's still too far for me .
Hi , Rich . Is Jim here ?
What ' s your favourite ball sport ?
I'm not exactly sure if it's your department , but I'd like to ask some questions about qualifying for Comprehensive Credit Granting .
Oh , no . I forgot to turn the alarm clock on !
it wasn't just once . Every single time I take the bus , something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus .
Oh , come on , baby . Tell me what happened .
650 Yuan ! You must be kidding ! I can subscribe for evening newspapers for ten years with that much !
I bought this toy gun from your store two weeks ago . My son played with it only twice and it broke .
sorry , Brad . But you are going to have to re-do this .
I would like to return this item ... Are refunds allowed ?
What does Jim like to do ?
Well Allen is a great student . He is a hard worker and very well behaved , however he does struggle a bit with math .
Do you think that I could have a different paint color in my apartment ?
See , I just told you he hit a deer . Man , I knew you weren ' t listening to me .
Well , mine are baggy . They're the kind of pants you can lounge around in .
Ok , I'm Tom .
Oh , no . You should take the No . 14 tram .
I'll do it someday . But it's not the right time now . I have to learn a lot by working as an employee .
I admit it . I'm a wuss . I just can't do it in person .
I'm awfully sorry , Miss . I do apologize . We'll manage it , but we don't have any spare room today . Could you wait till tomorrow ? A tour company will be leaving tomorrow morning . There'll be some rooms for you to choose from .
I don't think that there is any easy way .
Oh , yes , I would !
That means it's developing very fast .
I'm going to have to write you a ticket .
Mr . Wilson . We very regret the mistakes in goods . I am very sorry and we are responsible for the mistake .
What do you like to do with your free time ?
I want a package that has the basic and movie channels .
This is designed to exclude them from domestic market , isn't it ?
I try not to think about it !
Certainly , madam . What kind of coffee would you like ?
Good morning . I ' m from the new york book review . Could I ask you some question about your latest book ?
Actually , it could have been better .
Julia , are you free tonight ?
Thank you , Wendy . I hope you'll be able to make it to the wedding .
I think that I might be interested in that position .
I am not sure . I don't know that many restaurants around here .
You are a brave kid . Go ahead to the registration office first , then to the doctors .
Well , we will wash the exterior form top to bottom . We use a special shampoo , which gives the body that extra shine .
Your legal department is very good at these things . We can trust them with the drafting of the agreement .
Well , I've got to stop and get gas in the car , first .
Take me to this address , please .
I would like to open another account .
What kind of people do you find difficult to work with ?
Are you a wrestler or a boxer ?
Then , why do you want to work for our bank since it's a new establishment in Shanghai ?
Yeah . A lot of my customers love it . ( after shampooing ) Do you want a permanent wave or a cold wave ?
Tell me something about your work experience .
Any time you say is OK .
Just in Beijing , people consume 300,000 pieces of gum every day .
Look on the rack to the right .
OK , we will send some men as soon as possible .
Come on , you are making too big deal out of this .
Ok , spit .
We deal with kid's clothing , women's clothing , and men's clothing . You name it we deal with it .
What about cheese cake or apple pie ?
I come home for lunch .
Not at all ! She's really been around , and seemed quite accustomed to bargaining like this . That's the trade . She only demanded a higher bid , saying the purchase price was even higher than seventy . She was lying ! Then I inquired , ' May I have it at sixty ? ' she waved her head .
That is cheating and , if you get caught , you will be fined and disqualified from collecting unemployment .
They are responsibility , skill , patience , quietness , and so on .
Gate 29C . Have a nice flight .
Should I just trim it ?
Hi , Peter ! How are you ?
Do you know the circulation of this magazine ?
Could you point me toward the dishwashing detergent ?
Ok , I ' ll peel the vegetables and you chop them . I ' m terrible at chopping vegetables . I always seem to chop them into pieces that are either too big or too small . ... wow ! You can chop vegetable really quickly , just like professional chefs on TV !
Good afternoon . Swiss Airline . Miss Grown speaking . Can I help you ?
It was better than I expected . But , you know , I think I would have enjoyed skiing in Tahoe even better . Do you go there often ?
Madam , is everything set up for your trip ?
They give applicants a topic . The topic is , The Place of Ethnic Minorities in a Democratic Society . My essay must be three pages typed and double-spaced .
How quickly will you need your supplies ?
what ' s that ?
Did you watch NBA games before you came to the U . S . ?
The binders have current local jobs listings and the computer jobs lists are good too . Understand ?
Glad you like it .
The second driver was luckier . He had a concussion and needed some stitches for his head wound .
that's not a problem . Have a nap if you can . You don't know how tight the schedule is for this business trip .
Yes . Do you know what type of checking account you would like to open , business or personal ?
I ' m going to the beauty parlor . Do you want to come too ?
In general , a set of golf clubs 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , PW ; Woods : 1 , 3 , 5 and a putter .
I think I may try to eat a little better .
I like the big star on the top of the tree . I ' ll put the presents under the tree later , how ' s the food .
Nobody told me that before .
May I ask what the name is the girl ?
Keep walking till ou pass the square , then turn right . Walk past two lights and turn left at the third .
What kinds of sports do you like ?
Do I have to get up now ?
Yeah , I guess so .
I don't know . But they say that Mrs . Smith wears the pants in the house .
May , look at this mess ! You threw waste everywhere .
How are you feeling , John ?
So , what kind of dishes do you usually make ? I know you like Italian food .
Thanks . Then may I suggest that you put down in the contract ' shipment on September 15 or earlier ' ?
You know on a date , they are going out to dinner .
You are welcome . Looking forward to seeing you again .
Wold you like to see menu first or wait for your friends ?
No , the one next to it .
Yeah , what't the bet ?
Oh , thank you . I am exhausted . Will you bring me a cup of tea ?
Interesting . Hey , look over there . The dance floor is already packed with people . Oh , the girl in red dances great .
I read it , but I couldn't understand it . Would you come to my room and tell me how to use them ?
Don't worry about money . I'll treat you tonight .
What is the phone number ?
Yes , it's not very far from here . Follow this road until you get to the traffic lights . You will see a small restaurant at the corner .
Great and white ! Which reminds me , let's pick up some heavy duty sunscreen !
It's a man-made wonder . I've seen it many times in textbooks and it's part of my dream to visit it .
When do you want to move in ?
Mom , have we got any cookies ?
I have confidence in them .
No . I'm tired and I've got to work tomorrow .
That'll be for you to decide . I've got a new dish that I want to try out on you .
He's still not sure whether he wants to put me in charge , or whether he wants to hire an American . But even if he hires an American , I'll probably be transferred to our American office .
I'm just doing my job .
The radio said it's OK on this road .
Which John ? Mr . Turnbow ' s son ?
How did they hear ? No one called .
Rachel ? This is John Emory speaking .
Let me see . Your name , please ?
I'm playing with my new jump rope ! Watch this !
Don ' t worry , we ' ll try to help you . Will you please fill out this form ?
So , you can read and write much better than you speak and understand other speakers , right ?
Mike , don't even think about it !
I thought you had forgotten .
Well , some people decided to loot last night .
Have a great time tomorrow night .
Is there a daily passenger ship to Dalian ?
Not far away . It ' s over there .
Alright , tell me what you think .
If it were up to Stanley , we'd have the wedding in the ETV ! He loves to sing .
No , but I have to type my paper tonight .
Have you missed a court date ?
May I have your name ?
Those are money bags , and they represent your financial situation .
I got $ 500 a week .
That sounds reasonable . Let me think it over . And I'll call your back to make reservation .
I am hungry . I think I could eat a large by myself .
Now we've given a CIF Shanghai price for some steel plates . What insurance rate do you suggest we should get ?
I have seen this cheaper in other places .
There are other things I need to take care of .
Thank you , shall I open it now ?
I don't find this fair .
If you don't mind walking , I know a bus you can take .
Certainly ! But I have to contact my friend first .
I should finish it as soon as possible .
It is genuine , isn't it ?
OK . Now I'll put the dishes in the sink .
The material was not damaged by us .
Yes , absolutely true .
It looks nice . How much is it ?
I agree . I'm not good at it , either . Can you swim ? How about going for a swim this Saturday ?
Any idea about James ? He ' s a pain in the neck .
I don't like strong perfumes .
Yes , it can be quite tough . Many people fail to pass the test at the first time .
I'll take care of everything . I just need your phone number and insurance .
No , I'll have the fish please .
Can't you make it cheaper ? I still can't afford the car .
Why not ? What this article says makes good sense to me . If you read it , I'm sure you'll agree with me .
Not quite , if we get too heavily in debt , the shares will tend to drop .
May I get an order of barbeque wings ?
I am not sure . We will ask for directions in the coffee shop .
I like playing computer games , but I'm not really into board games .
Excuse me ! Are you Bart Simpson from Western Electronics ?
I bought a pair of trousers last year , which I like the best . But this year they don ' t fit me very well . They ' re tight in the waist , baggy at the knees . Can you make some alterations ?
Thanks for coming ! We should meet again sometime soon .
The weather is so crazy . It rained cats and dogs last night , but cleared up in the morning .
I agree . The dew is still on the grass .
Are you new here ? I come to this coffeehouse often . But I didn't see you here before .
That ' s a good idea . Remember that if the parents watch too much tv , the kids will probably follow suit .
Mom , can I watch TV ?
Yes and no . Let me see if I can clarify that . The terms are the same except that the contract for training has a clause that allows for the cancellation after the first six months .
I'll make sure to get it tomorrow .
You wouldn't do a thing like that !
Don ' t be mean . Look here come the bridesmaids ! Their dresses look beautiful !
What do you need ?
Not yet , Mr . Wang . But I'm working on it .
They have moved to some other places long time ago .
We have the orientation this afternoon .
We will be going through these papers one by one . I will be explaining them all to you , and you can ask questions as we go .
For what ? Complaining about what happened in the elevator ?
Sure . Where would you like to stand ?
Fantastic ! Please send him my congratulations .
Maybe the food had something wrong with it .
That looks good . The room in the picture is bigger than your bedroom , so you wouldn ' t be able to put all the furniture in your room .
Just one . I noticed an item about flex-time . Is that a possibility for me ?
I'm afraid we're really staffed this week , Mr . Li . I'd like to meet you , but I'm sorry I really can't .
Thank you . Please keep this receipt .
456 Cherry Drive , Pasadena , CA 91170 .
Yeah , I agree with you . But you know , it's just one of those things .
It's only $ 29 . 95 .
The patio tables look really nice . Could we be seated there , please ?
It will do .
Mr . Lee , all ready to check out ? We ' Ve already prepared your bill , and housekeeping has done a quick check of the room . How will you be paying ?
Of course . It's a newly-built one .
I said it's 5:10 PM .
Where do you work ?
When will they be here ?
Oh , you dance it so well .
Ok , as John after Kennedy put it , let us never negotiate out of fear , but let us never fear to negotiate .
Well , since you have order the roast chicken . I suggest you to order the red wine to go with the main course . It can help you digest the food .
Is it OK to drink alcohol ?
At least 20 days .
I totally agree with you . In this way I won't be afraid of the burglar if you are away .
Hello , Mr . Black , I'm calling to say goodbye .
We can figure that out right now . How much do you earn annually ?
How about the terms concerning packing ?
No problem . Just take your clothes off from the waist up and put the gown on , with the opening in the back .
I'll take you , if you'd like .
Sorry , I've got a meeting in half an hour .
Well , I ' Ve heard many good things about it . I also like teaching young children .
Maybe it ' s just that he is stressed out from work or something . He does have a pretty nerve wracking job you know .
All right , It's a date .
It's not that serious .
Is this the Central Park to East Market bus ?
You must have had a great time .
The city has got a traffic problem .
It's a fine day today , isn't it ?
Sounds like you've got some competition . You made a move already ?
What have you got ?
Rents are very high in downtown area .
I'll bring one next time .
Well , your refund total is 50 dollars .
That is to say , love is blind .
Why ? You said my skirt was beautiful just now .
Well , nothing special , reading , watching TV , walking , and so on .
Susan , good evening . Why are you so dressed up ?
John made out with other girls at the party yesterday .
We are interested in cloth made in China . The clothes are sold very well here . We are a big location supplier for the northeast market here . I'm thinking that we'll have some business opportunities .
I can't do that with my cat . She hates water .
That's right . I could stand to lose a few pounds , too .
Tomorrow .
It's our pleasure . We are always happy to have another satisfied customer . Thanks for calling . Goodbye .
Hello . Do you have anything for a little girl ?
My old man always harps on me .
OK . ( Sit on the sofa ) Wow ! Your house was decorated so beautiful .
All right . If you need any help , just let me know . My name is Greg .
Someone robbed my apartment last week . The robber took $ 550 .
We've got a bad line . Can you repeat that please ?
OK , pick up some cured meats to go with the wine . Maybe a pound of polish sausages , ham , liverwurst , salami and any other cold cuts that are on sale . I think I saw a promotion for pastrami . Also get some cole slaw and a jar of olives .
Thanks for saying . Do you have any ideas which necklace I should wear ?
He lost his kids ' college money day trading .
Yes . Cortex just stole Darren McDowell from Rolly . And probably Darren will be here . So he will have to spend the whole show standing next to his old Cortex coworkers .
I don't think so . It's brand-new .
Fine . I ' ll be ready in a minute .
Could I order dinner ?
hello , Kate ! How are you doing ?
You should feel shameful for your behavior .
Will you please put your luggage on the scale ?
OK . If you sign the Stars . com account before WebTracker does , we'll talk next week .
Ping-pong must be the top-ranking popular sport in China . It seems to me in every school , factory , army unit , or residential area , men and women , young and old , are swinging paddles .
Yes , that is me . Nice to meet you , Monica . Welcome on board !
Oh , we never speak Spanish in class ! Miss . Parker speaks to us only in English .
Do you have any certificates on computer ?
You can always transfer money from that account into your new one .
I've heard that people in your country like mutton chops .
If I were a manager , I would have a private talk with this employ to figure out the reasons . It is very important to have this one-to-one discussion in an unthreatening situation without any distraction .
Should we just meet here ?
Very well , thanks . Nice to see you again . I haven't seen you for a long time . What have you been doing lately ?
I know . Thank you very much .
Oh , thanks , professor Donald . This is really very nice of you .
Leave me ! Go away !
The help is mutual . I must thank you to see me off . My wife and I will be looking forward to seeing you . You will come to see us , won't you ?
I ' m terribly sorry to cause you so much trouble .
It looks like it , he ' s getting up .
Yes . Here ' s my identification .
There is a wonderful opera today . I'd like to see it .
Here you go . Same pan , but with a state-of-the-art , heat-resistant plastic handle .
Well , I have been in a host home before . During my first year in the us , I stayed with a family . They are nice .
But I didn't get the ticket . And it is said that they were sold out yesterday .
Don't you think it's a little early to be looking for schools ? We haven't even had the baby yet !
You're being serious ?
How much do you charge ?
Which kinds of meat are most popular in your country ?
At the supermarket down the street . Help yourself .
I cann't wait for buying his CD now .
We can give you a discount if you order for immediate shipment .
My character is in question . Someone was robbed at work and unless I have an alibi , I'm a suspect .
I ' m not kidding . Learning a language is a question of forming language habits and that takes time .
I'm getting a bit plump myself . Perhaps I ' ll go with you .
Sorry , madam . We don't have vacancies at the moment .
What are you reading about in that science magazine ?
Don't ask me .
How much are you willing to pay ?
Are you aware that you ran through that stop sign ?
But of course ! We have a great exercise facility .
But you'll promise not to be late for dinner tonight , won't you ?
yes , I went there once last summer .
I usually calm down first and think about the reason that caused my anger .
We do have a souvenir shop on the first floor , sir .
could you show me where the Chinese-style clothing is located ? I want to buy a silk coat .
this way , please . Here they are . They're all handmade .
Yes , it's the right size , but it weighs too much .
We're rather busy right now . It will take another 15 minutes .
I'm the same with you , an amateur mountain climber . 1 went climbing in the Rocky Mountains with my friends last summer vacation . We spent two days in the mountains .
I've been learning to play go recently . It's an amazing game !
Yes . Flight DP336 leaves at 15:16 . Is that all right ?
I ' m awesome . Well , I guess that ' s my answer , isn ' t it .
I'll bet you were hungry !
Incredible . I really want to survey the on-line virtual supermarket .
Exactly ! I ' m going to cut out all that junk I eat , no more chips , no more soda , no more fried food .
Can you spread the word and ask everyone to bring some kind of snack food ?
It'll take her only a few minutes to get online .
I want to change a new car . I like Honda best , especially the red one . But it is too expensive .
Okay . I ' ll bring them in tomorrow for sure .
There is no charge for mileage . And fill up the gas when you return the car to us as it is not included .
Yes , but it's quite a ways .
That ' s what I was thinking . I mean can you imagine Friday night instead of going out with your friends you ' d have to stay in your tree house and talk to birds and squirrels .
Now , why do you want to exchange it ?
No . I'd just like a refund .
You see . I made what I consider to be a reasonable offerbased upon the rise in production costs and the continued fall in the exchange rate of Australian Dollar to U . S . Dollar .
Which direction were you coming from ? And which direction were you going ?
Of course , have a seat .
Are you leaving right away or can you stay for a few more minutes ?
Hi , Steven . What's new with you ?
The Cross Bakery building ? Oh sure . You're actually walking in the opposite direction .
Do you have enough money to buy that dress ?
Well , thanks , Bill . Let me know what happens . That extra money will really come in handy .
Look , if you don ' t love me , it ' s not a thing , alright , we ' Ve had our laughs , but I don ' t appreciate ... maybe it ' s just time we ...
I see . Another important question is the time I can get this car . I need a new car rather soon .
I need you to take a look at these samples . I think there are a few problems .
I had a busy morning .
Do you feel like dancing ?
Uh ... that's Greek to me .
Yes . Thank you for inviting me .
Would you tell me how the inspection is conducted before shipment and by which agency ?
How well can you speak them ?
Then , I'll just trim it .
Stop picking on me . I am going to be mad .
I wish I had studied here . It's more than a university .
How about you , Daniel ?
How about Bill's Seafood Restaurant ?
I see . Do you have your Current All-in-one Passbook with you ? I'll need your password for this transaction .
I guess so . It comes and goes .
It's so beautiful .
Just focus on us and press the button .
and you can still go " window shopping " just like in a real shopping mall .
For whom ? Cortex ?
Where there are difficulties , there are ways to get over them . Hold on !
OK , here's to your health .
Fill it up . I will have a tour tomorrow .
Yes . It is also called Dragon Boat Festival .
Thank you for your compliments . It ' s just that you are a good leader . Do you like the fox-trot and tango ?
It was one I used down at the local coffee house called the San Francisco Net . It's been around since around 1991 .
Yeah but , he is always in a really foul mood . I try to find out what ' s bothering him or get him to talk about his day but , he always shuts down and brushes me off .
I have , actually . How about the movie , Million Dollar Baby with Clint Eastwood ?
It may be worse than it seems . How's it feel ?
It's much better now . Thank you .
you know she probably feels just as bad .
Let me see it .
Don ' t you know they have had little affection for each other ?
Yes , it is very expensive . Maybe we shouldn't have come here .
How do you do , Miss Chen ? I ' m Song Mei .
I believe it . Hoo , this car corners like it's on rails .
Oh , I don't care about that .
Alright , sir . I will get the paperwork ready for you . Just a moment .
Well , I'm only making one copy , so I guess I can afford it .
My name is Han Ran , number is 050920 .
Do you want cheese on it ?
Wait a minute . I think we have missed an important point . We should include an arbitration clause in the contract .
Come on , let's talk about it .
Next june .
No problem . Do you want the money to go by M / T or T / T ?
Here you are . Thank you and have a nice evening .
Here's the bath .
Wow ! So many people ! Where are they and what are they doing ?
The police officer that pulled me over said I was speeding .
Some guy on the street just mugged me .
Really ? Why would you worry about me ? I ' m just fine .
What kind of people do you like to work with ?
Well , since it's summer , and I had looked that you had quite a bit sun , I'll recommend our summer special , it's specially suited for individuals with sensitive skin .
In my opinion , the rent is far more expensive than that in other areas .
Why do I need to do that ?
I'm fine , thanks . And you ?
Yes , thank you . I want to get a handbag .
No . 10 % is my last word .
Let ' s do it !
Yes , it is still covered by our warranty . Tell me the mode number of your vacuum , please .
No wonder you're such a wacko ...
I apologize , and I'll make sure he doesn't do that again .
I might . what did you do yesterday ?
Do you offer a course in business management ?
Absolutely .
That is nice . But I don't quite like the collar .
Yes . I would like to go to New York for my Christmas vacation .
When is your birthday ?
Hi , I ' m Susan Marshall , You can call me Susan . Nice to meet you .
Ok . Let's call it a deal .
And you'll repair the television , won't you ?
I am calling to cancel it now . I can't go to your city this week .
I wish I could play a musical instrument . I love music .
This one looks pretty good , but I'd like to see more before I make up my mind . Do you have any other suggestions ?
Yes . We are looking for someone who are well-educated and have all-round experience as a manager .
Your niece will love this . Anything else ?
What kind of car is it ?
that's too bad . Maybe another time .
You ' re welcome . It was good seeing you again .
No , I assure you .
I don't know . It looks a bit red , but I'm sure it's nothing .
My washing machine isn't working .
We can buy that for you .
I would like to go skating . Feel like going with me ?
I agree . I ' m an adult and I love going to the zoo . I don ' t like animals experiments though . I believe that we can do tests in other ways .
Well , good-bye . See you soon .
Anyway , the host team seems to fight for the gold .
Really ? You've done a good job .
Yes , I think I can help you . Why not you come around and see me ? Do you know my office ?
Oh , nothing in particular , I guess . I always liked mathematics and tinkering with machines .
Yes . I'd like to book a room , please .
It's hard to say . The stock market is weird . You never know what will happen tomorrow .
Yes , of course sir . What's your name and your room number , PLS ?
There's a question I want to ask you .
That same morning I have some business to take care of .
This is Doris . Who's calling please ?
Let ' s look at the newspaper .
I hope so . Thanks .
I think that we should let someone know . They will probably want to fix the problem .
Just look ! In six short weeks I've put on 30 pounds of pure muscle .
Honestly , the flexible hours were the main attraction for me . The traditional working day doesn't fit in with me lifestyle ; I love being able to tailor my working hours .
I suggest that we go and ask for help from the policeman .
OK , Hello !
Oh , my niece will love her ! How much for her ?
You really like it ?
Hello , Jane . What do you do in your spare time ?
Maybe . How much is a room ?
OK , it so happened I want to buy one .
I think so . Fresh air , white snow . It's so comfortable .
Mary , set your alarm clock for seven tomorrow morning .
Let me explain . To get more cash , I'll have to borrow more from Vital , the venture capitalists .
I should say it is something we have never come across before .
When does the library close ?
Let's go and play volleyball .
of course . Is the dinner still on ?
Do you have s second ?
NYU was my first choice .
Looks not bad .
Yes , sir . We have the all-inclusive luxury cruise . Maybe you would like to look at the itinerary .
The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work . I believe what I know is sufficient to work in an American firm .
Hey , honey I ' m back . Wow , the house looks really good !
In my opinion , overly strict regulations are just another way of restricting imports .
That's wonderful news , thanks for all your help .
You mean you've never had a boyfriend ?
Please write down your name , address and the amount of your deposit here . And please choose a passcode of six numbers and confirm it .
yes , do you like it ?
What time does the office close ?
I've got to be going now too .
I can't do that , Zina . You know I can't .
Actually , I'd prefer not to be .
I don ' t have a library card .
I don ' t think that it will take as long as the response to the first offer .
It ' s nice to go home earlier once in a while . But now it ' s the evening rush .
Good evening ! I don't believe we've met before . May I introduce myself ? My name is Jack .
You'll see the world-famous magnificent waterfall .
But sometimes it is so hard to tell the truth .
I can leave the parcel with you , can't I ?
Have you got anything cheaper ?
Just a few Christmas gifts , to this season , after all !
Sure . What do you know about the Olympic Games on the past ? For example , do you know where and when the first Olympic Games were held in the ancient times ?
I know of a place you'll like and you have got to be there .
I'm not sure . Let me think about it .
I graduated from Hebes University .
Tell me something about your Valentine's Day .
Who was the conductor ?
Sounds cool ! But that is not what a lady should do . People are easy to lose head in a night club and being drunk .
Okay then . And I also want to have my hair colored .
Could you please tell me when your laundry opens and closes ?
What kind of sports ?
Yes . I have reserved a table for 2 at 7:30 . My name is Bob .
I didn ' t think about it like that .
Sorry . I'm afraid we can't . But you may order something else instead .
Yes , I know .
Tell me what the problem is .
What is this test for ?
Would I have to get my parents to guarantor the loan ?
Well , I was looking in this magazine the other day and cruises are not very expensive at all . Take a look at this !
That colored one is very beautiful . It may suit my furniture . How much do you ask for it ?
Why don't you look outside ?
At least you have obtained a very basic understanding of the game , haven't you ? I think it is perfect for boosting intelligence , cultivating personality and flexible learning . Every intellectual wishing to gain any insight into Chinese culture should learn to play Go .
Please , Julia , I have made proposal to you five times . I really want to share the rest of my life with you .
I see . It's safer then right ?
Yes . However , I believe that marriage comes by destiny . I knew I would marry Julia when I met her at the first time .
Reservation , please .
No , doing it in the long run will make you an acute man .
Oh , my God , you're kidding me ! He carried him back ?
It's on the tip of my tongue . I think it starts with a ' B ' .
Thanks . That would be very helpful . I ' Ve discovered that it can take a long time to find exactly what you want . There ' s too much information on the net .
Really ? I like rainy days . The moisture in the air is good for my skin .
Where are you going to go look for one ?
I want a chicken salad .
Twenty days .
That ' s just what I need . Thanks so much . You ' Ve been a big help already .
Can ' t you remember the days when you had the hots for me ?
You can apply for one here .
I think it leaves at two-thirty .
Oh , shut up , Roy .
Do you have some good ideas of losing weight ?
Hello , james . Come in . go through to the living room .
Well , they mentioned how people put away money in something called a 401K ?
Laura told me today that she has a friend with a car for sale .
I really would rather just listen . Isn ' t there anyone else who wants to sing ?
I ' Ve been busy with a first aid course that I started about a week ago at the Red Cross .
Well , because I didn't have any credit on my phone . I used it all up this month .
Well , I have to take biology , chemistry , maps and physics . What you need is a good introductory course for non-science majors .
I'll give it a try . Give me a call and let's go down together .
I don ' t care ! You are grounded for life , mister !
Hello , miss . I would like to check out .
Now you should know the rest . Don't forget to dial Taipei's city code .
yes , but this was the worst turbulence I'd ever experienced in my life ! Everyone started getting sick . The flight attendants had to stay in their seats . The captain decided to land early .
What'll you have ?
Of course ! Where are the things ?
En , you are right , and he will trust us and maybe the contract will be signed soon . But remember to keep some skills of our manufacturing secret . On one hand , show his our best side ; on the other hand , do not show too much to protect our own business secrets .
I ' Ve a lot of paper work to do right now . I ' m behind schedule .
Well , There're two bedrooms , a sitting room , a kitchen and a bathroom .
What's the temperature ?
So you don't have much related work experience .
Yes . We have reservations .
I am sorry , it ' s not decided by me but by the company .
Sorry , we have student cards . We can get discounts with these , can't we ?
How long do you want the subscription for ?
Yes , it is . As you know , some of the materials we use are highly-flammable so we have a very strict non-smoking policy in the factory .
No , you don't . We use computers now .
What about birth control pills ? Don't they work on Italians ?
Exactly . Nescafe is the world's favorite coffee . People love it all over the world ?
No , I ' m sorry . You ' Ve reached Mr . Macmillan ' s office . Let me just put you through to accounting .
I have something really cool to tell you about ! Do you know anything about online auctions ?
They're absolutely right to get a replacement for 21 .
This is he . May I help you ?
He loved his family and his countrymen and his freedom .
One bottle of perfume and a watch .
I'm scared .
You know , my dad had scrambled eggs every morning for twenty years . It drove my mom crazy !
Two hours . That area is a little backward .
Sorry , sir , in order to protect these paintings , taking photos are strictly forbidden here .
Thanks for the warning , Mom .
I'm sorry , but I really need it this afternoon .
They give you discounts on some stuff that you want to buy .
May I have a look at this ?
There aren't enough buses in this city , are there ?
Bo , of course not . He is still single .
I see . I ' m sure you ' ll find them one day . I see you also have several poster of him .
I'll see if I can adjust it .
I hope you don't think that excuse lets you off the hook .
Well , what about price ?
That ' s both fortunate and unfortunate . It ' s the United Nations in my class ! We have people from all over the world ! There are three Germans , a Pole , a Scottish , two French , an American , a Brazilian , a Chilean , a New Zealander , though he prefers to call himself a Kiwi . Who else do we have ? Oh , we also have a Moroccan , a Togolese , a Pakistani , and two Indonesians !
Um , let me see , romance , comedy . documentary , action , science fiction , animated and so on .
I'm taking a vacation to visit a friend there . Have you ever been there before ?
Terrible .
Say , kid , keep on practicing , you're sure to be a first-class swimmer .
Fall is the best season in Beijing . It's neither hot nor cold . The sky is clear and blue . There's hardly any wind , only a slight breeze which is hardly noticeable . And we have plenty of sunshine too .
Good , thanks . How about you ?
A / S / L , IGP , H & K , and ZZZ . What the hell do they mean ?
Well , it seems you'll have to learn some Spanish too , won't you ?
I went to Yale University .
How much is the charge ?
How silly John is .
What did they take ?
I have a housing contract with the university . I'll be in a dorm room on campus .
I will have my assistant check my calendar and get back to you with the exact time . Can you bring me an outline of the project when you come ?
I think you will enjoy your journey .
Let's start out to discuss the question of payment terms .
Twenty minutes exactly .
Here you are . Thanks for your wonderful service .
Mr . Chen , are you sure you're taking BA - 007 back to Tokyo ?
Uh huh ... but we're going to have to cut back on our shopping from now on .
This is Peter Kaufman .
You can wash the vegetables and cut the chicken and I'll make dinner !
You have not fulfilled your lease agreement yet .
Just take it easy . If he starts to bother you , let me know and I'll call security .
Which Channel is it ?
Well , nobody's perfect !
Do I need to do anything else after I turn in the application ?
But you'll have 90 days to pay your bill and I'll tell you what ... I'll also throw in the discount of 10 % on your up front deposit .
Thank you . And where can I get a pushcart ?
I really couldn't understand him .
No . I'd like to do something special for you on your birthday .
With this ring I thee wed . Wear it as a symbol of our love and commitment .
I need to go to the bank .
Anything else bothering you ?
Well , I don't know .
I want some pickles , oh , and we ' re out of flour . Put that on the list , too .
A bit of both . Some cousins , aunts and uncles will be there , but also some friends from the neighborhood .
Great , thanks a lot ! I hope to hear from you ! Good bye .
Sorry . There's no one named Li Lin here . Are you sure you have the right name ?
to be honest , he has no authority . He's a hard-worker , but no one listens to him .
I like it . But how did you know about my new job ? I wanted to surprise you .
not really . Do you like biographical / drama films ?
No , I only know four great beauties of China .
We could find a classical one .
I want to use these coupons . Have they expired ?
I am not sure . I just can't connect to the net .
Did you go diving while you were there ?
No , I ' ll call the attendants at the gate . I will tell them you ' re on your way .
Uh ... yeah .. of course !
Good morning , sir ! Can I help you ?
Yes , I'd like to know if the company provides opportunities for further education .
Would you like to apply for one right now ?
Actually , my office is right around the corner .
No , I didn't get hurt . Thanks for your concern .
It was fun for me , too . It gave me a chance to get away from my routine .
I'm a newspaper columnist . I write comments for a living . I enjoy working in a coffeehouse .
Take it easy . Be confident of yourself . I'm sure you can do it .
I like the Honda Accord you showed me before . I think it's more practical for my needs .
Good . There is the information desk . How do we get to seventieth street , please ?
I'm not familiar with American size .
Are you through with your meal ?
Well . I like the Thorn Birds best .
Now , many people think that women ' s liberation is a kind of civilization , but children are getting less love from their mother because of that . What is your opinion ?
Everywhere I look , I see cockroaches .
Bring me a bottle of beer .
180 yuan .
Yes , I have . Perhaps I should go to the gym , like that girl ' s boyfriend .
Could you give me a taxi to pick me up and take me to the airport before 1:00 p . m . ?
She takes classes in accounting and business .
Yes , but this was the worst turbulence I'd ever experienced in my life ! Everyone started getting sick . The flight attendants had to stay in their seats . The captain decided to land early .
To tell the truth , I don ' t really like him either . He ' s kind of boring and not very active . He always looks unhappy too .
Wonderful . That's just what I expect , where is my first place if I go there ?
A $ 100,000 policy shouldn ' t be too expensive . Here , call my agent . He ' ll give you a good deal .
Honey , what's up ?
That's helpful for your health .
Oh ... I go to see my sister twice a year or so .
O . K . Thanks , Mom !
Do you have an account with us ?
Did the cops find out why he flew into the U . S . ?
Oh , dear ! How ruthless !
May I asked why you are interested in working for us ?
it must have been a few years ago now .
How are you going to do that ?
They promised us a sea view .
Thanks . You know , I just noticed that these eggs are fried , and I ordered scrambled .
Since it is , I need a haircut with shampoo .
Alright , I'm twisting it around . You tell me when to stop .
I've heard of that one . It was also his swan song .
what do you think about her as a boss ?
I know that .
My paper is on the influence of television on children .
Where's Gate 12 ?
Would you mind if I helped out in the kitchen instead ? I do enjoy cooking .
I seldom play tennis . I prefer football and basketball .
Have you met my wife , Mary ?
I don ' t know any of the laws they ' re trying to pass .
No , not really . I had thought we'd stay in Hamburg tonight , but we can't unless we rush it . Let's stay in Bremen instead . Tomorrow we can have lunch in Hamburg , then check into a hostel in Copenhagen and have dinner there .
that's great . I knew you'd do a good job as a manager .
David Bush .
Let's go out and enjoy the fresh air .
Can I try it on and see how it looks ?
I'm sorry , sir , we don't have one . However , in our gym , we do have swim stations .
By warming up before and cooling down after your workout .
Can you give me a hand with my luggage ?
I think it is .
Would you mind my keeping it for another week ?
But I hear that the card is free .
How may I help you . sir ?
Thank you very much !
Is that very likely in England ?
I take sleeping pills sometimes .
How many stops are there ?
Certainly . Is there anything else you would like me to bring , Mr . O ' Brian ?
Don't worry about it . I've got another one I can use .
Okay , but you are going to be my masterpiece !
I need to find a new place to live .
That ' s why they often have long roots to find water spines instead of leaves , to reduce water loss .
Two tickets , please .
I got a car , so the distance wouldn ' t really be a problem .
Sure , but only in the rear , and only cigarettes . And alcohol is not allowed .
And that ?
Do you like working in teams ?
Okay , I'll make you some food .
We are going to have a party tonight , would you please look after our baby tonight ?
Yes , would you please call me a taxi first ?
I hate this part of school .
I'd like to get a good RPG . Can you recommend any ?
Two people chat on the Net and step by step fall into love ! It's Net Love .
I regret to tell you that the position of Sales Manager has gone to another person .
Ma'am , I'm sorry . The cancer ward said Mr . Smith passed away two days ago .
It is enough for today . Do you have any last question ? If not , thank you for taking your time to come to our interview .
Oh , yes . You ?
What are the different workshops that are available at the EDD offices ?
You can ask the teacher for help .
Yes , there is a 10 percent discount .
Let ' s just hope my teacher agrees .
What if I repay it early . Any perks ?
Wait a moment .
Let me examine you . Don ' t worry . It ' s nothing serious .
I only paid two dollars for mine .
I'll clean my room before I leave .
It ' s all religion . Take the theory of the Big Bang . How is it possible that all of the stuff in the universe comes from an explosion ? That ' s no better than Atlas carrying the globe on his back or African myths about turtles and stuff .
You mean it will arrive two hours later than usual ?
Are you kidding me ? It's going to be up a piece of cake .
I can ' t believe it !
Well , I wish you good luck !
One of my friends tells me that his company is hiring in a large scale and he wants me to go for an interview .
More than 100 times . The flight takes off at 12:00 .
Did the cops get him ?
It was hard work .
You are very nice to tell me those .
I feel the same way . It smells so good after it rains .
You heard who won the election , right ?
What kind of room would you like , madam ?
That just isn't good enough . Cet me your general manager . I want to speak to him now .
I guess so . Now Anna's got four kids and another on the way .
Let ' s try to get out of the supermarket quickly .
Sounds good !
I'm thirsty . Pull over to that store , I'll buy some drinks .
I can't forget about this when next time .
For my credit worthiness ?
You should encourage her to make up her mind by herself . You shouldn ' t affect her decision .
Don't tell me , socks .
I wouldn ' t mind having my photo taken a few times or being interviewed once or twice , but it would get tedious after a while . Imagine the things the gossip columnists would write about you .
How much must I pay ?
Hmm ... okay , here ' s the thing . I ' Ve always seen you as more than just a friend , and I can ' t take it any more . I know you better than anyone , I know the pros and cons of your personality , I even know what side of the bed is yours ! I think we would be great together , don ' t you ?
Exactly . That's what we have done in the past .
I like the sight and the sound . It worked on me like a magic when I was a child .
It's rather expensive , isn't it ?
This bus doesn't take you directly there . You ' d have to change buses twice . I suggest you walk . It'll take you less than 20 minutes .
Ah ...
That sounds good . It will give my wife a chance to dress up .
I mean Internet brings benefit a lot , but also some disadvantages . For example , many youngsters are addicted to the games and they neglect their study ; or some bad guys steal people's money online , etc .
If your son starts to buy video tapes , he can't keep them very long .
So , you'll be at my birthday party on Friday ?
Yes , on Monday .
Hi , Jack ! How are you doing ?
Are your vegetables a little mushy ?
Can I buy stamps here ?
I hope so too .
yeah , I crave my own space . i just so tired of having people around me all time .
What is this , the new Ford ?
Why ' s that ?
It ' s very nice meeting you , too .
What are your plans ?
If everyone turned up , it would be a squeeze , but a few people said that they couldn ' t go , so I think it should be ok ?
But she means a lot to me .
All right . Let's go to the square to have a look .
I'm absolutely sure that this is what I want .
Well . I would like my hair cut shorter on the temples .
Here it is , and here we are .
The air conditioning is not working ! We need to call a handyman before we start to fry in here !
Well , I ' m not going to answer it . I ' m sleeping .
Look at that pretty girl .
Yes , you can add or get rid of channels later on if you would like .
I need a suggestion for a restaurant here in Manhattan .
Hi , Martin . I ' Ve been looking for you all morning .
Can you give me a hand ?
Ok , I know you are not a resident of Beijing . Where is your domicile place then ?
I don't think it's broken .
I'm going to refund your money right now .
okay , let me think . What about a party-and-movie night ? We can rearrange our reference room , invite a band to play some music , order in some food and watch a movie later .
What food are we out of ?
Of course . In my opinion , you are the strongest candidate for the job .
That ' s fine . I need to learn how you do things here first . Salaries are paid directly in to our bank account , aren ' t they ?
Well , I ' Ve been working so hard lately , so I ' ll probably just take it easy .
it's kind of a big favor . I'm absolutely flat broke , and I owe my landlady $ 200 . she's given me until Friday to give it to her , but I don't get paid until next Monday . Do you think you could loans
was it his first offence ?
I'm just comparing prices .
Just stop here for a moment . The police will not notice .
You're welcome . I hope you'll be more comfortable in your new room .
( After watching the movie . ) Are you crying ?
You can get dressed as soon as the film is processed . We will be all done here .
A great deal of people follow rugby in my country .
That ' s the kind of thing in America that gets me mad . Some guy pulls off a stock scheme and makes millions while spending the bare minimum sentence in jail .
Would you like cream or sugar in your coffee ?
You want to take pictures of the inside of your pocket ?
Got it ! Did you fill up the tank ?
Roger Vargas is up at bat . The pitcher winds up and strike one !
I think I can accept that .
But i donor like it , not a bit , i am not a pet , i am a girl .
I am sorry , but I don't have one with me right now .
I guess you miss your wife and children very much .
It's 3 nights a week , Monday , Tuesday and Thursday .
You need to put 50 cents into the washer machine and a dollar into the dryer .
Wow that ' s great news ! They ' re a great couple !
Please wait a moment .
Frankly speaking , I ' m a typical Chinese workaholic . I don ' t mind working late at night . Due to that , I tend to leave the office late .
Don't be so sure . He loves the vase I bought here last week .
Did you smell something ? It smells so great .
I won ' t be able to give you back your deposit .
It is difficult for old people to do away with old ideas .
Sounds pretty fun . I'll come out and join you next time .
No , you don't .
I suppose all the other terms remain unchanged .
Please call if you have any other requests . Your food will be delivered promptly .
Are you looking for a small , medium , or large pan ?
I am sorry . We are full up for tomorrow .
That's a good idea . Which one do you recommend ? The Pairszone ?
Yes , may I have some more beer ?
Some are genuine . But all our reproductions are clearly marked and priced .
Have you gone bowling before ?
not really . But I like some of her songs . She's actually very talented . She's a song writer and fashion and fashion designer , too .
How much for a bus pass ?
Hello ? Is that Mark ?
Really ? It's a deal . Have you ever been there ?
You'll find out when we're in the woods and you have to go to the bathroom ...
Why don't you send it by mail payment order ?
at least you didn't waste time thinking about what you were going to wear every day !
Can I get off the ship and walk around ?
What size are you ?
Why do you say that ?
Because ... I heard John got married yesterday .
He's out of the hospital and up and about again at last .
I'm glad to hear that . I think it's the nicest city in the United States .
Sorry , my English isn ' t so good . Could you speak a little slower ?
It might work . I ' ll have to hear it . Show me what you ' Ve done .
Let me see , in 5 minuets .
Here's your bill .
It's Flight No . 104 , Northey Airlines , which leaves at ten O'dock tomorrow evening .
It doesn't matter . I still can go out and buy a beer .
No , thanks . I'm full .
Don ' t count on it .
it's absolutely delicious ! That is the best tiramisu I've ever had !
Yeah , there isn ' t a bad seat in the place .
Alright , then please put it in a bag and take it outside .
Is it true that one of our competitors is planning to launch their tracking service next month ?
Do you have a registration card ?
We must go to a dance soon , or we'll forget how to dance .
No . You have to buy your own . You'll have to go to a hardware store to pick one up .
Thank you . I just hope she won't feel pressed .
It's very nice . I haven't heard live music in a while . This is fun .
I'm quite outspoken . I enjoy calling a spade a spade and hate talking in a roundabout way . So I'd call myself outgoing .
Is this the workshop to prepare for an interview ?
Stewardess !
There is one at the end of the corridor .
Yeah . He was a real slave driver . He probably would have loved it if we were robots .
I'm very sorry , Mrs . Wang . But I'm afraid I can't promise you even that . As I've said , we require payment by L / C .
Coke please . Oh , no , a cup of hot chocolate will be fine .
Pretty bad . I ' Ve had a bad cold for three days and still can ' t get rid of it .
No , I don't recall a thing about them .
It's the 17th week now , isn't it ?
Maybe he is busy with his work . Just wait and try not to think about it too much !
We want you to get any outside help that you need . Do not ever sign documents that you don ' t understand .
Yes , heavy starch in the collar please .
I know , but it's 12
Hi , Zina . I had a feeling you'd be stopping by .
No , but I'll be able to tomorrow .
I can ' t , Tim . I hope someday you can find some way to understand I ' m only doing this for you . I don ' t really wanna go but , deep in my heart I know this is the kindest thing to do .
Good . Anything else ? The tie pins ? The cuff links ?
Where's my book ?
I'd love to .
Absolutely we need a house here . But what makes me upset is the prices in this city .
What do you want to know ?
yes , on a business trip . How about you ?
It ' s John Anderson . I ' m afraid I ' m going to be out sick today . I ' Ve got a nasty cold . I hope you don ' t mind , ma ' am .
Do you have a bed ?
It takes two to make a quarrel and it takes two to mend fences .
Unfortunately , you will not be able to view it today .
I believe she was right . You must know that fried foods contain a lot of fat .
( After trying ) I'm afraid it's still too fight around the stomach .
Yes , it's still available .
skim , please . That'd be very nice . Thanks ... oh no . Janna , I'm so sorry , but I've got to go .
Don't worry about your driving test . I think you will pass the test and get the driver's licence very soon .
Gotcha ... OK . Here they are .
We're planning on going skiing in Switzerland . Do you ski ?
Crossed cousin marriage is not allowed in China .
You need to get a special application form .
Do you want to get a burger ?
Not yet . And I ' m really hungry now .
Darling , I have news for you . Bobby and his wife , Evelyn , are going to have a baby soon .
You should never chew gum or smoke during an interview , even if you are allowed to do so .
yeah , I have the same feeling . Also there is another thing that bothers me the quality . Things in a department store are usually quality-guaranteed . But at a wholesale market , you never know whether w
yes . Maternity leave is mentioned in the contract , but there ' s nothing in the contract alout paternity leave . Do you offer anything to fathers ?
Don't worry . I ' Ve got some acid here . It will help dissolve the hair down there .
May I know how old you are ?
Let's just sit in the back . We can still hear the service from here .
That's not fair . We had fun . Give me a second chance . Can we meet tomorrow night for drinks at the pub ?
This must be his 21st birthday . No doubt about it .
You mean liquor has a higher tax than other things ?
I changed my diet recently , and I eat a lot healthier now .
Leave me alone .
Technical barriers are set for imported goods .
How about the Mongolian hot pot ?
We're leaving now .
Yes , Mr . Michael ?
Would you like to have dinner with me ?
Right . Since my work is near a park , it ' s a really nice ride , too .
That ' s my index finger !
Get in this door young man . It ' s midnight , you are two hours past curfew .
What do you make ?
Well , I don't think it's the best style for me .
Does Tom drink a lot ?
Oh . My God ! Are you serious ?
You can say that . I can actually sing some of them now .
What are your salary expectations ?
That sounds really good ! Does it come with a soup ?
Steven , it's ten o'clock . I'm going to bed . I'm beat .
Your bill comes to 60 dollars . How would you like it to be paid ? With cash or credit card ?
When and where were you born ?
I will bring a big hat and apply a lot of sunscreen before setting off the beach .
I'm sorry that I'm late . I couldn't find the room .
So why did you decide to resign ?
I am in charge of the trading department . I'm handling invoices , shipping bills and computing freight costs , that's most of the documentation .
I know . But if you don't go in the Haunted House , you won't be happy . So I will wait for you . It's no problem .
Actually , I want to buy some traveler's checks .
Hello , may I make an appointment for sometime early this afternoon ?
Oh . I'm sorry . I'll check the price for you . It is $ 199 .
So , what's in the box ? A fridge ?
You're going to do great . And you're going to look great .
Show me the photos of the latest hair styles , will you ?
Oh , I am sorry . Maybe you were just emotional at that moment . Do you think you guys can get back together ?
Down here , 800 dollars . How do you wish to settle your account , sir , in cash or by credit card ?
No problem . Thank you .
Quite good . The beautiful design and bright color are just the European taste . How are you gonna pack these blouses ?
Will you be joining Billy and I at the Bar ?
Does it look too big ?
Please tell me where your daughter's home is .
In tens and fifties , please .
Yes , he did the same to me .
Just make sure to turn in all the necessary paperwork to ensure there are no problems with the days you want to take off .
No , exactly not .
Mm , yes , but I think I like that one better . It's made of gold , isn't it ?
Oh no , I can't tell you . It's a secret . Say , why don't you go over by the lily pads and try fishing there ?
Yes , I think I will do something new . I ' Ve always wanted to be a teacher .
Yes . When I came out of the subway , it was raining cats and dogs . And I forgot my umbrella . So I had to wait for the rain to let up .
In fact , if it weren't for our good relations , we wouldn't consider making you a firm order at this price .
Not a bit .
I immigrated here last year .
Thank you . I try to keep in shape .
I think I can manage that . Let's see ... yes , here we are .
Yeah , I started to learn English when I was in high school .
You are so smart . Your efforts in the success of the plan were outstanding .
Good idea .
What is that they're doing on the couch ?
Even in Taiwan , I always liked to take the train . It is more comfortable .
Where are you working ?
Karaoke has become a major entertainment . I wonder why .
Okay . I'll pick you up at 6:00 .
Yeah , I'm afraid so . I really need your help here .
What do you think might be the source of its popularity ?
Hi Amanda , how are you ? I've missed working with you and the whole gang since my transfer last week .
I'm going to have a glass of beer . How about you ?
Hey Matt . I'm going to ask Martha to marry me ?
ooh , that's my favorite . Maybe I'll have a small slice .
Well , what do you have in mind ?
I got it . Don ' t worry . I ' ll get you there in one piece .
Sure , what package do you want ?
Well . let ' s get going then ! I love road trips !
Well , why don't you go on the diet ?
Twice cooked spicy pork slices .
It is . We study hard all week . And then , on the weekend , we party hard . That's the best way to live .
I also want to know if there's a holiday at your company , for I must visit my parents every year .
Well you should come with me one day , I'm sure you'll love it .
Does that include utilities ?
I cannot stay here any more minutes .
My experience in my last job showed that I have the talent to motivate people . It could be seen from the low absentee rate in my team . I want to continue that kind of contribution and to further develop this potential .
The line is through now , please go ahead .
O . K . How do I get the manufacturer ' s warranty ?
just breathe deeply when you feel yourself getting upset .
That ' s all right for my department . I don ' t know how the rest of you feel .
But you know I've been working very hard . And I have a family to support .
No , I have been pretty healthy . I just have trouble taking a really deep breath .
Well , the free stuff ! You know the soap , lotion , shampoo , etc .
Yes , we have several brands , which one do you prefer ?
Here they are .
You can always take it again .
Why do you want to join it ?
Forgive you for what ?
Yes , the battery is dead .
To be frank , a letter of credit would increase the cost of my import . When I open a letter of credit with a bank , I have to pay a deposit . That will tie up my money and add to my cost .
Good , where are you now ?
There will be no charge on baggage left by guests who have checked out .
They have lots of healthier food at Whole Foods .
It's cool .
Yes , I'd like to rent a car .
Does their daughters get along well with her in-laws ?
would you recommend going there for a few days ?
I helped build the sets and find props for the plays . What about you ?
But it's also a sort of exercise and it's good to your health .
What places does the tour include ?
Yeah . Water pollution has for a long time been a major concern among the environmental issues .
I'd be quite willing to if I could , but we must comply with the label requirements according to our law , or we can't clear the consignment of lichee through the Customs .
I think Mr . White would be elected , you know he has spent millions in this campaign and he blasted the opposition in his campaign speech .
What can I do to help you ?
Well , he ' s got dark hair and brown eyes .
Don't mention it . It's been my pleasure .
I suppose we can bring him to visit our company , as well as our display room . In this way , he can know more about our company and our potential power . In my opinion , visiting the factory will help him learn our manufacturing process very much .
Me too . Have a great day .
About 70 , I think . This newspaper article talks about the problems of an aging population . It's a problem that will soon affect most of the world .
I think we might not see any .
That's right . She is pretty , but she wants to control everything in his life .
Well Rebecca , is there anything else you need to know for now ?
This is true , but it must've slipped my mind .
This is a great botanical garden in the city .
I'd like to get some details about a Personal Housing Loan , please .
I'm afraid this course is for four persons .
Tasha Mountain ? It's very famous in China , isn't it ?
Okay , I'll pick it up for you .
I'll take them .
Twenty five yuan is a little expensive .
Cola , please .
Will you take a job which is not in line with your major ?
the brakes don't really work that well anymore either .
Are they urgent , please ?
She is pretty serious about it . Her uncle is a mayor . She wants to follow in his footsteps .
So would I . what other unusual plants did they show ?
I don ' t think so . It ' s kind of sore .
A magic love potion ?
Well , um , sir , the company expenditures on entertainment and travel are out of control . Look at these bills for example . Just this month we ' Ve paid over twenty thousand dollars for hotel charges !
They detained you at the station ?
Damn Scott . You got big .
I don't know . He's a little depressed . He's having a hard time finding a job right now .
Never mind , the odour of my feet will quicken their eating speed .
we both have to overcome several obstacles if we are to achieve our ambitions .
May I ask why you didn't think of applying for a credit card with us sooner ? Most young people jump at the chance .
Very good . You will normally be sent an official notification of the results of your interview by post . Once you get the notification , you can come .
Oh , very close . Maybe 5 minutes walk .
I like almost all sports , and I enjoy both playing and watching . I especially like tennis and mountain climbing . I was in the climbing club all through school .
So , let's look at the check . The total is $ 36 . 00 .
Yes . I'm just waiting until I officially get admitted to the university with a conditional offer to apply for my visa .
Some men do , but not me .
These are your products ?
That'll be pretty heavy for a mid-day meal , don't you think ?
I will give you an exact reply as soon as possible .
I know they aren't good for me , but they are cheap , convenient , and fairly tasty .
I'd like to order a restock on my minibar .
we should also get a tube of toothpaste and a bar of soap . Let ' s get a tub of ice cream too . We can treat ourselves .
very much . The birthday cake was delicious , wasn ' t it ? Emily told me that she and karen made it themselves .
Which way is the dining car ?
Well , I just want to enjoy what I ' m doing . it ' s the most important thing to me .
To where exactly ?
Because you are the most handsome boy at the university and I love you so much ! I guess I just go crazy sometimes . That's all .
I'd like a flower-and-bird painting .
I see . Well , you have two choices ; you can renew it or redeem it . Which would you prefer ?
Good luck with school .
uh ... Yes . Turn right , then take the second turning on your left .
Good afternoon . What can I do for you today , Madam ?
We're here all night long if you need anything .
I had some good financial news yesterday too .
Say ' hello ' to them for me .
Sorry to interrupt , Doris , but can you tell me more about these tour groups , what kind of things they enjoy , and so on ?
The blue one ?
Maybe !
Thanks for reminding me .
Any marks on his face ?
Come and see me again in a month's time . I think you'll be a different man !
Hi . I would like to get an internet plan for my house .
Why do you say such words ? I love you very much .
we ' Ve thought about it , but my husband and I can ' t afford it right now . The only thing we could afford would be living in the slums , which is something I don ' t want to do .
Our family is a little different . We go to church on Christmas Eve instead .
So how did your end-of-the-year review go ?
What is phone number ?
Well , the costumes and the set are marvellous , but the acting is a bit stiff . What do you think ?
And even if it takes two hours , huh ?
Your BAC exceeds the legal limit .
about two weeks ago .
Shall I make more sandwiches ?
OK ... Do I need to put on my sister's name for the receiver ?
really ? What happened ?
Bruno's .
About 15 years now .
You mean I've got to lose weight ?
Oh thanks for inviting me . I'd love to come .
We went out in our boat . I have a favorite fishing hole out there .
That's great . What's on tonight ?
Really ? Oh , this one . I like the cloisonn vase .
but it wasn ' t just you who was involved , right ? You were only doing what your supervisor told you to do .
Why didn't you just call ? I hate sending SMS messages .
I'm afraid so .
Can I have a look at your handworks ?
Waiter , come here please . Could we have a doggie bag ?
That will be OK .
Oh , hi again ! Hey , the fruit looks different this time .
It's blue , Samsonite bag .
It's broken .
I'd enjoy that .
Yes , we had a good time . The trip was terrific . We toured the Three Gorges by boat . Its realty exciting !
What do the Romans do ?
On a Friday night ?
Have you ever tried chocolate-covered strawberries with champagne ?
Hello , come in , I've been waiting for you .
Look , there's no way we can convince people they need fresh motor oil every morning .
But where's the switch ?
No , we haven't .
Hello . How can we be of service ?
According to today's exchange rate , every US dollar in cash is equivalent to 0 . 75 euros .
I don't think this is right .
I knew there would be a shower , but I didn't realize it would rain cats and dogs today .
Perhaps I could ask my husband to teach them foot ball or some thing . He watches too much Tv too .
Great . When in Rome , you guys know what to do .
No , I think Harry will get it .
You ' re kidding .
A seminar of technical specialists including the surveyors from both sides will be held to clarify which result is correct .
What's the most popular paper circulating in the community ?
Yes , I wrote a thesis entitled English Education in High School and it was published in the Education Magazine .
You did ? But I tried to call you at least twenty times and nobody answered .
Certainly , sir . How do you want it ?
I'll do my best .
Oh . I see . Thanks .
What's the temperature today anyway ?
Yes . I am Thou Ping .
I'm afraid we have no extra key . So I'll send somebody to your room .
maybe you should consider going to a hot springs resort outside of Beijing . I heard they are very relaxing .
Could you please tell me when I get to the Central Park ?
Have you ever made any plan for your future ?
Our monthly salary can not buy one square meter of the house here .
I need a packet of cigarettes please .
What is it , Mrs . Wang ?
That's out of the question .
That is merely a dream . Remember , there is always room for us to have further improvement . I think we did the good job in the whole period .
Not bad .
See you at 7
I really like how that sounds .
Good morning , Doctor !
I don't know anything about American food . What do you recommend ?
I have , but I have never done this before so would it be possible for you to double check them ?
I know , it does sound pretty awesome .
Let's go get something to drink .
Not very well . I haven ' t found anything within my price range yet .
You are not really chubby . You are actually thin enough .
Don't jump the gun . She's in the driver's seat right now . You have to be patient .
They're similar to an avocado . When the outside feels soft , they're ripe .
Just a few Christmas gifts , ' tis the season , after all !
You're welcome , have a safe trip .
Yes , it ' s already fifty yuan off the original price .
Ok . I can't wait to see it . Let's go !
Yes . I want to rent a formal suit for an interview . Can you give me some advice ?
Yes , I think so , If you want to graduated this year , you've got to take a science course .
Now your dream comes true . Do you know the altitude of the mountain ?
You are married to a foreigner , huh ? So what ' s it like ?
what did you argue about ?
Well , we have chocolate mousse cake , homemade fresh strawberry shortcake , and a spicy rum apple crisp for our specials .
Who's your favorite film star ?
Shirley , do you know today's homework from our economic law class ? I have written it on a piece of paper but I can't find it now .
Well , how was your honeymoon ?
Because I love the snow .
It sure is .
With private room , please .
Could you take a slight pay decrease for a chance to move forward ?
I cant't believe it . You've worked here for years .
Don't worry about that .
I would like to . but I'm not good at it .
They need to be washed on the gentle cycle .
This is the latest design for our products . The design of I-series keeps the fashion in a close way . The sales volume of the new product is about 50,000 per month . And we received many orders from many clothes companies . New functions and attractive outlook are the key points for our products .
Ok , there is no cash advance anymore for short trips . You have to pay out of your own pocket , so save all the receipts from your business trip . And then attach them to your expense account . When you get back , our company will reimburse everything .
Ok , I will be there around 6 . Is that ok for you ?
maybe because they think they know everything already ! ha ha .
I see , and how about the documents and the information ?
Quite a few actually . By the way , after the play , there's always a big party for the cast and their friends . My friend has invited us . Do you want to go ?
What am I supposed to do with this plastic cup ?
I'm afraid we can't increase salary this year , money is just too tight .
Well , it depends on the journey . It's .. I guess it's not too expensive , but the minimum price you would pay is , for a short journey , is about a pound .
Could you please pass me the salt ?
That sounds fine . If you could give me the name and address of the dealer I'll go over there now and see what they've got .
Do you know what street it goes on ?
Could you give me an expense report ? I would like to attach the invoices for my phone bill this season .
Yeah , but I ' m not there for fun . I have to remain professional and if I get distracted , the manager would be pretty upset .
I think the Olympics help to promote world peace .
That ' s the best I can do .
This one is only 50 yuan .
What ' s the problem ?
That's easy . Anything else ?
My mother is an English teacher in a college , so I began learning English when I could speak , and I took English as my minor subject at university .
What is your salary expectation for this position ?
Yes , she needs something to help her at school .
Are there many choices of online shopping ?
Yes , I think I did . It has to be one of your maids who took it . I want my necklace back .
Hello ? Can you give me a tow ? My tour car's stranded .
What's the name of the singer who sings this song ?
I'm signing off .
No . That price would hardly cover the cost .
Yes , I do think I am the right candidate for this position .
Sorry . You have to buy your ticket at the next counter .
How about you ?
12,000 a year , but you can't get visitors to live in .
I just lost my job , and I am unsure about being able to find another one .
I think that we should make sure that our looks are the best they can be .
We will send your doctor the results , and he will contact you .
What kind of food would you like ?
I am sorry to tell you that you failed in the job interview in our company .
I will not miss the boat when there is another opportunity again next time .
First , I'd make sure that we have a good , local , corporate lawyer . He or she will know all the local laws and regulations .
What happened ? Why did everyone get so quiet ?
We have a lot of Chinese restaurants in America .
I came here to ask for some information .
Did you hear about that accident on the 5 ? There was a sixty-two-car pile up .
What exactly ?
that needs to be cut into thin strips about 3 cm long and then it can be stir-fried on its own until its cooked through .
She didn ' t expect to get a kick in the teeth after a day ' s hard work .
I think so , but how should we write it ?
I think it's going very well , actually . We had a long meeting with them . After several lengthy discussions they decided to accept our offer .
You just simply follow the instructions on the screen . You can inquire about your account information and use the self-service payment function .
Now , how would you like this check cashed , madam ?
How many employees are there in total in the company ?
That's the purpose of the meeting . Sometimes a mediated conversation will straighten things out , and a little discussion and apology can calm the waters .
Does this happen all the time or maybe a little more in the cold weather ?
I just wanted to let you know what happened .
It seems quite normal to me . It is pretty much what I want to do .
No . It's out of the question .
Don ' t worry . The traffic jam is said to be over soon .
My dad will freak out if I even mention a trip like that !
And what should I do next ?
Geez ! What ' s the rush ?
Well , that depends . If you stay for a long time . They will offer a discount .
Why are you so pessimistic ?
It ' s not usually included , so you ' ll have to factor in about 100 pounds more each month for utilities .
Can I have a look ?
It's Friday .
Eric , how long will you be in China ?
Here's your schedule . After this meeting , we will visit the factory and have another meeting with the production manager . And you'll be having dinner with our director .
All right . Make it a double , will you ?
What will happen to the children if you break up ?
Yes , I truly do .
We got a problem . The deposit boxes are all full . We should have come earlier .
I don't know . I mean , I like helping the community and all that , but I don't know if I have the time ...
What a jerk . He doesn't deserve you .
No . I'm afraid the price is too low .
I would love to get some dessert .
I have worked on about every system that is out right now .
It is difficult .
Can you take a little advice from a friend ?
Please write the address and remittee on the express order and make sure there is no mistake on them .
Have you a bus tour round the city ?
Okay -- that ' s 232-2453 , or 232-2456 .
By the way , I heard Kitty's just got in a shipment of Jamaican Blue Mountain .
In that case , I won't keep you any longer . Drop in any time .
Sure ! How about the coffee shop right across the street from my office ?
Well , sir . If you want to check out now , we will charge you $ 200 as well .
Tom , you promised to cut the lung . You won't forget , will you ?
I believe that you can make your dream come true .
anything else ?
Around 8 .
Maybe you are right , but the goods are to be transhipped at Hamburg or London . If the boxes are moved about on an open wharf , the dampness or rain may get into them . This would make the blouses spotted or ruined .
They're also one of the richest couples . They have so much money and they can buy almost anything they want .
Sometimes I will try various excuses . But this is my last time asking for leave . Or I will have a bad record .
You're right , sir . Please let me transfer you to my supervisor
yes , I was planning on going . Are you ?
I should start exercising more .
Hello . May I speak to David ?
I'm doing fine , thanks . What ' s new with you ?
Let's schedule the actual election times the week after the nominations . Doesn't that seem logical ?
Ok . I will reply to you as soon as possible .
You are in the right place . Please come on in !
why are women allowed so much more time for maternity leave ?
Yeah , but that was before the guys ask me to join the team .
and no hijackers .
I'll go take a look . Thanks for your help .
Wow , that sounds like a bargain . I'm running low on facial moisturizer and toner . Could you ring those up for me too along with the blush ?
I thought this bus Went down Park Avenue .
I'm looking for some blush . Do you still have some in peach rose ?
That ' s fine . Is it OK to have a coffee break during the working day ?
Your company has a very good reputation , and I have been planning to visit it for a long time . What's the advantage of your factory over other plastics ones ?
I ' m very sorry to hear about that . So are you all right ?
Yes . When ?
Believe it !
A return ticket is forty-six pounds fifty .
I'm the coolest high-tech stud around ...
OK . Could you turn it down ?
Well , I also hope our cooperation will be never-ending . Thank you again .
Excuse me , where is the nearest gas station ?
( at the dance ) That band is playing good music . Shall we dance ?
I know . I can't tell whether he's serious or not so I need your advice .
Great . I want to get an idea for the purchasing ability in various countries .
This one is . I have another one that's furnished , but I'm not sure you'll like the furniture .
Happy to meet with you . Now , do you prefer group projects ?
You'll be OK . It's just a little bit ...
Yes , I do . I also use an anti-spyware program and a firewall . There are so many nasties on the internet and so many people who are trying to use the internet to hurt other users . You have to be very careful and keep you computer clean .
Kenvir ? Hi , it's Alice . I'm very sorry that I have a big favor to ask you again .
And he looks like a typical jog .
In the beginning of the interview , it is best that you make acknowledgments for the opportunity of the interview .
Well , your job is to compile and analyze financial information to prepare entries to accounts . You ' re also responsible for preparing profit and loss statements and monthly closing and cost accounting reports .
what about the chicken ?
It's pretty . May I try it on ?
Excuse me , bags aren't permitted inside the supermarket .
( Laugh ) All right . You caught me in the act . I finally worked up the nerve to ask Diana out . I was just writing a note to put on her desk .
Why'd you speed up instead ?
Is it this one ?
Am . How about 10 a . m . on next Friday ?
Good that way . I can have the suit ready for you two days after that fitting .
This show is like a black Friends .
The teacher just canceled the test .
Mr . Brown , I'd like to talk with you about something that is getting to be a problem . I'd like , if possible , to see it settled at this meeting .
I just eat some oatmeal , toast , and orange juice .
Can I share an apartment with someone ?
Just tell me what you'd like , please .
My birthday comes next month . I want to hold a birthday party , too .
Could you show me some scarves ?
Hobbies are never too late to learn . They offer a variety of classes at the local community college . You should look into it .
He's been compared to Rimbaud , you know .
Yes , then enter the amount you want .
I locked it when I left though .
I ' m not in the mood .
Alright , sir . You are making a good choice . Honda has made a lot of design improvements in the new Accord .
Anything to drink ?
Yes , me too . Oh , here's Susan now . Let me introduce you .
umm ... yeah ! I ' m looking for a nice gift to give my girlfriend . Our fifth anniversary ' s next Friday .
Dishonesty . It ' s unacceptable .
Maybe you ' re right .
I'd like to , where ?
Yes , he's breathing , but he's not conscious ! Oh , please hurry !
No , I'm talking about American football . The World Cup is soccer .
Yes . The board was favorably impressed with your application , but the competition was very fierce .
We've settled price , order , payment , now I am calling to ask about package . How can we pack the goods ?
That would work out great ! Why don't we call and get a reservation ?
Sorry , love .
That's smart thinking .
Yes . I'd like to know how to use the library . You know , I'm a new student here .
I would get Fuji 200 film for taking photos of natural beauty .
Please file all the reports for me .
What is your reservation number ?
Oh , I think Shanghai is much more crowded than London .
Would you like an appetizer ?
I have no idea about what to do next .
Yes , you should pay half of the cost in advance .
That's the point . People usually don't have much time to think about it when they have a on-the-go meal .
No problem . You know him . He ' s the kind of guy that ' s always willing to go the extra miles .
Good luck to you .
I think it would be a great joke . But I know we'd have to take the iguana back . And the pet store might not let us . So why don't we get him something else ? Some clothes maybe .
Someone has stolen my gold necklace .
Yes , you have many opportunities to grow in this company as long as you do well .
Thank you . Here is the ticket and receipt . Have a good time .
Better late than never .
We'll have to talk this over some more .
She told me she'd be here .
Oh , Mr Green , my name is Jianshan . You don't know me , but I'm a friend of David Smith .
I'm not going to tell her . She will find out and understand when she grows older .
Mine are the same way . It seems like they've been overcooked .
Well , there are many Chinese Americans , you know . And your English is very good . You sound like an American .
Then you can take Route No . 5 . Next I would suggest the International Dragon Boat Race where you can watch Lion Dance , Dragon Boat racing , and many other water shows .
See you tonight then .
It ' s been a long time since I ' Ve had to look for work and put a resume together .
Anyhow , there would be certain bank charges . We've done business for years and you should have some faith in our credit . It would help me greatly , if you could accept D / A or D / P . It makes no difference to you , but it does to me .
Is that the red one ? That is my favorite , too . Do you know how much they are ?
Hello . What can I do for you ?
Oh , hey , did you look in the classified ads ?
Welcome to our company .
Well , you guys work hard for it . It ' s really beautiful .
Ok kids , here ' sa beach ball and a Frisbee , a pail and a shovel . I want to see an impressive sandcastle by the time we leave . Don ' t stray too far . Wait ! Leave your sandals here or put on your wet shoes .
Yeah . Here's my identification card .
One glass of red wine coming up !
Oh , I see . Then do you have anything less expensive ?
May I speak to Peter ?
So do I !
Do you have laundry service ?
All right . Goodbye .
Oh , you are out of breath ! What ' s happened ?
You can transfer at Cuchan Men .
You can exchange this dress with anything of the same value .
Hello , could I speak to Mr . Wang , the PR Director ?
Thanks again for everything you have done for me .
I can't tell yet . I haven't got beyond the first chapter .
Really ? How long did you stay there ?
I usually just have a bowl of cereal .
Let's go to Burger Queen for lunch . They have good cheese burgers .
Ah yes , the ones from Sapporo we were dealing with yesterday ?
Good morning , mom .
That's too bad . Why don't you try using lures instead ?
Hope so ! Good thing is that autumn is just around the corner .
Take the A train south to the Liberty Ave . stop . You should be able to find it from there .
I ' m going to be fine .
Grapefruit juice and please make my coffee very strong .
I'm going to do some shopping . Why don't you come with me ?
I haven't thought of that .
You can check it , sir .
Merry Christmas !
Of course I did . As recognition for a job well done . Once a month I invite the most productive employee to dinner .
Just since today .
have you ever gone abroad before ?
How ' s Thursday ? Does she have any time available then ?
Well , that all depends on how much you want to invest .
Oh , it is not so expensive . It only costs me 280 dollars .
Do you think he can do well ?
A cup of coffee , please .
there's a reality TV show about a group of people who are trying to lose weight .
What is your major ?
At present , both are OK for me . What do you need most , then ?
Have you heard about our special promotion this month ? If you purchase at least 200 yuan in any loreal products , you will receive this black hand bag with a sample of blusher , mascara and two shades of eye shadow .
Hello , is that Cathy speaking ?
You were visiting Taiwan ?
Yes , it is . It has some really good articles in it .
Hello . I need to speak with Allan Cartwright .
Maybe I should go and ask him whether it's true .
What ' s the rush ? You ' re not leaving for another week .
do you have any plans for dinner tonight ?
Single , please . How much in total ?
I don't like being too tired the next day .
Do you know who did ?
Uh huh , that's for sure . You might find that your only career choice is teaching other graduate students .
In my mind , salary is not the most important thing .
Let me show you , the one with curly hair .
Have you booked the hotel for the reception ?
I'm going to study .
The thing is , I've got all of this information here , all of these leaflets , but I can't make head nor tail of them !
Put it in the waste-paper basket , please .
could you feel my forehead and check to see if I have a fever ?
May I help you , Miss ?
Do you find it hard to get ingredients for Chinese food ?
Miss , which is the movie channel ? I can't find it .
Really ? When will she come back ?
I'll have a whole-wheat loaf , three white loaves , a baguette and ten rolls , please . How much is that ?
Well , I believe it now , and when are they are getting married ?
Yeah , it sounds easy . How long does it take ?
No , that's okay , I already have a coke . Why don't you have a seat , you look like you've been on your feet all day .
Yes , that is why I usually choose dark colours for my business suits .
If I can do anything for you , don't hesitate to let me know .
Sure . Go straight ahead and you'll walk into it .
Alright . And I won't go to that cafe for awhile .
Don't you spend a lot of money then ?
Boris , look at this sentence . " Healthy eating is not about strict nutrition philosophies , staying unrealistically thin , or depriving yourself of foods you love . " It's interesting , isn't it ?
Yes . I ' ll be very busy ! I have to get a visa , buy a plane ticket , and pack my things . But first , I want to register for classes .
No , they are peppermint chocolates .
And the maximum loan amount ?
Doesn't she have any friends ?
lt's a TV palace ! I'm glad I brought my platinum card .
How do you like this waltz ?
Tell me about a time when you had a confrontation with a coworker or boss .
Thirty dollars a day .
Yeah . He ' s almost become a slave , his wife is leading him by the nose .
Well , I talk to myself . That is , I play one role first , than the other .
When do you want to start learning how to drive ?
I don't believe it . Jean is such a kind lady . How could she do this ?
Order in the court !
Tell me what you know about our company , please .
Please look at the sky . Don ' t you see the dark clouds ? It's going to rain soon .
I drive an automobile .
Yeah . People down our way hardly speak to each other .
I haven ' t met Bob for years . How is he ?
Thanks . Do you have an appointment , Ms . Wang ?
Yeah . I woke up this morning feeling really nauseous . I threw up like five times .
Indeed , you're exactly right !
What do you think I should do ?
I hope the food here is good .
Good point . I suppose that we all have our own individual styles .
Is that difficult ?
How much do you have budgeted for our trip to Las Angeles ?
Yup . But , this also means we have to wait to order our food .
Are you hurt ?
Honey ? Have you seen our soup bowls ?
Hope there is no traffic jam .
People drive on the right in China .
Yes , I think I will do something new . I ' Ve always wanted to be a teacher . I ' m willing to begin studying to teach .
All right . Let's go .
May I help you ?
I have worked here long time .
Are you kidding ? Over seven hundred million people watched the final match of the World Cup ! It ' s a very exciting and nerve wracking sport ! Each nation is cheering on their team , hoping they will become the next champion . So far Brazil is the team with the most titles under their belt ; they ' re really good !
OK . Steven , you're looking at a picture . Please describe what you see !
I really need to lose some weight . I should go on a diet .
I heard it might rain .
That deposit bothers me . Give me a minute .
I wanted some chips at lunch today , so I spent it .
Here you go .
Right , just wait a minute . I will get your bill ready for you right away .
I don ' t know .
No where special . I was just taking a walk .
You should communicate with the interviewer whose company you are interested in , and make a good impression on him or her . In that case , your chance of success will be greater .
That would be great ! How about 2:30 ?
What do you want to see particularly ?
Well , let's make it this way . For comparison , 10 NM is 1000 times smaller than the diameter of a human hair . There are as many nanometers in an inch as there are inches in 400 miles .
I didn't say I was going to deprive myself .
how many days of paternity leave do you offer ?
So cool . I wish I can go to the live New Year's Concert someday in the future .
Yes , you play the piano well . You could be a good pianist . That's good .
Well , if there's anything I can do for you , let me know .
Sorry to bother you sir , but I have some bad news .
I would look so cool carrying this around !
Sure it is . This is 6666777 .
yes .
Have you brought your certificates as well ?
We will pump air into this cuff to get a reading .
It ' s blond .
No , not really . Why do you ask ?
I thought you knew , Todd . It was decided last week . I guess you weren ' t at the meeting .
Well , the brown one is beautiful indeed , but I think the black one will suit you better .
He didn ' t say it was bad , but he said that it wasn ' t as good as it could have been , particularly as there were some good actors and actresses in it .
Yes , you can . Please put your articles in this envelope and seal it .
OK . I would like to have my receipt report , please .
Do you think that's the only way out ? You know we usually do the labeling , as we are responsible for the brand labels of our products .
For this position we prefer e-resume at the very beginning . Please send it to our department ' s e-mail box .
Amy , could you help me with this work ?
Where do you usually do your shopping , Mrs . Lane ?
But I'll miss the news . It's important in my business to keep up with events in China .
It is all right . I will call the boss and tell him I am staying another day . I stayed an extra night in Boston last month and he didn ' t seem to put about it .
Yes , we have many colors to choose from , sir .
I can ask the boss about giving you the day off today .
You know the rules and you broke them . No allowance and no TV for a week . I usually never ground you but this time I have to put my foot down !
Interesting ...
Sure . First you pick up the receiver and hit one of the first 3 buttons . Do you hear a tone ?
Twice a year ? How long has your sister lived in Boston ?
There's going to be a highway here .
When will you lecture begin ?
The bell captain will put it in the storage room . When you're ready to leave , you can claim your luggage from him .
Do you feel better ?
Beauty costs , honey .
I also need some thumbtacks , whiteout and paper clips . Which shelf are they on ? I can't find the number .
Did she give up her decision to marry Dick ?
I don't think I share your view there . The writer is writing about history , society , human nature and so on . It ' s too hard to understand .
She is a clever mother .
When is it most convenient for me to visit you to talk about the position ?
Alright .
God knows . Speaking of chores , I would rather do some washing than cooking .
Oh , it's really popular these days .
Well , I prefer yogurt to all the other drinks . Have you ever tried a kind of yogurt with old milk in it ? It tastes great and very healthy too .
Yes , I do . I think we can compete . I think we can make a name for ourselves . It will be hard at first . But if we develop a good advertising campaign , I think we can break into the market .
It ' s for a book .
Oh , that's nice . Thank you for arranging all of this .
I think so . Here it is . It ' s by the basin .
Forgive me . You're 100 percent correct . Allow me to transfer you to my supervisor .
Of course ! Everyday , there is a deadline to meet . Bosses watching and testing me all the time , not liking in college , handed in paper months later and tested on schedule . It is so busy . But anyway , I have been trying my best to be a good employee .
I like baseball the best .
Yes , honey . Go to your room , and take out your book . It's your reading time now .
That looks good . The room in the picture is bigger than your bedroom , so you wouldn ' t be able to have all that furniture in your room .
. I have a house in the suburbs .
I think salary is closely related to the responsibilities of the job . Shall we discuss my responsibilities with your company first ?
That maybe true , and I for one don ' t want to see anyone lose their job , but how can these Ces ask for a bailout when they ' re making millions of dollars ? And then , they have the nerve to fly to Washington in private jets ! This costs hundreds of thousands of dollars ! And they ' re asking for money ! That is just not right !
I think our child is going to love it !
I'm not sure . I can't agree , dan .
Have a nice day , Ma ' am .
Oh dad . You don't understand at all .
It is ok . My boss briefs me later on .
Well , you seem to enjoy speaking English .
I thought she would marry a fortune .
Exactly my understanding .
Have you been too busy to get enough sleep ?
I hope to apply my knowledge and experience on the job and make further improvement .
Hello sir , how can I help you ?
Do you say prayers before dinner ?
Well , thank you . Mr . Parry , for all your information . Just one more question .
So what have you been up to ?
Well , you really do have a talent for this , Alice . Thanks for the suggestions .
It ' s a beautiful day here in New Zealand at the Men ' s Volleyball world championship . My name is Rick Fields and I ' m joined by the man with the plan , Bob Copeland .
Thanks . You ' d be ok on your own . There are loads of fashion victims out there , and you are not one of them . Have you tried it on yet ?
Yeah , really .
It's 9 - A in the middle part , a window seat too .
Hi , I have a reservation under the name of Sandals .
He's been out of work for a couple of days .
Yes , sir . Is there anything wrong ?
I've got all the presents I need , and my family is working together to get all the food ready . That's easy , but I have another problem to deal with .
I need to purchase some business cards .
I really want to take him over my knee .
Yes , she's a professional climber .
Yeah-all from Italy . See all the saints ? They're important to Roman Catholics .
Honey , do you know what color the carrot is ?
These two are the only ones .
Here you are . You ' ll find the sugar just over there .
The tea smells good . What tea is it ?
Let ' s go see how we can apply for those positions .
We sing " Happy Birthday " at the party and have birthday cakes .
What am I supposed to cook ?
now let's have one together .
I needed you to be done and finished an hour ago .
Yes , we do . I don't have any small pads . I only have large ones . Do you want a pad ?
Follow me , please . Here it is . What do you want ?
How in the world did you guess that ? Did someone tell you already ?
Please , call me Ted .
How much will the three pounds of chicken cost altogether ?
How about the next flight-tomorrow at two o'clock ?
Ok , Mrs wang . I'll do that .
Well , I have to write the proposal . I'm pretty excited about it .
Yes , that ' s right , you have the job now .
Forget about it .
I'd appreciate it if you would .
Just take your golf club . I will pick you up Borrow .
Then , how about this ?
Yes , I was responsible for restaurant and food reviews mostly . I spent 3 years in that position , but to be honest it wasn ' t an area of journalism I wanted to stay in long-term .
Numerous . It's time that everybody is particular about personality . Find one and change yours .
Okay . See you then .
I know . But it is my lucky charm . I carry it all the time .
Yes , I'm studying in the Foreign Languages Department .
I am sorry , we will connect with the room service . Please Warta moment .
Great . I'll see you on Saturday .
More and more people like it now . fewer people play table tennis than before . Many people like swimming , because it is fun and keeps you fit .
it will be a rock and roll band probably . He ' s a very good guitarist .
I haven't ever cared for that myself .
Yes . My wife and I are interested in renting a house for the summer .
We have many kinds of glasses here . Which frames do you like best ?
Shall I go ahead and process them for you ?
I guess it is a formal one because the general director will give a speech there , and most of the staff will take part in .
Because of pollution and other things , our environment has become worse and worse .
Yes . Just go there !
Yes . Would you please kindly tell him I want to apply for a proof-reader in your newspaper ?
Hello , Julia ? I can't hear you clearly . I'm afraid the line is out of order . Okay , B , listen ! How about I hang up now and call you back later ?
Oh , is it ?
Hmm ... I ' Ve seen that , too . We could go for a walk in the park .
Shall we need at one fifteen this Thursday ?
I bought it online .
Have you tried university part-time jobs ?
Mum , this is for you .
Aren ' t you going to swim ?
Did you hear the news ?
Ok . Good . I want two side by side tickets in the Economy cabinet . Thank you .
That's a good idea . We haven't been there for ages .
All right , Bill . Here ' s your daily exercise schedule . You are to jog before breakfast .
I'm not sure yet . And you ?
Fortunately her class is just an elective course , not as important as compulsory courses .
It could be that , or maybe you are eating too many sweets . In any case , I ' ll administer an anesthetic and you won ' t feel a thing !
Indeed . But let's stay in touch . I'll let you know how things go .
15 dollars per dozen
Dad , I want to learn how to drive this summer vacation .
Yes . We ' re having a special sale on this machine here .
What'll it be today , sir ?
No . Go to bed right now .
We usually recommend our clients buy US Dollar Traveller's Cheques , as they can be exchanged for local currency all over the world . They are certainly the most versatile .
I spent over three weeks sewing sequins on a coat .
Well , let's try a size ten . ( He gets another pair and the customer tries a shoe on . ) Looks like a perfect fit .
It's hard to say . I mean , how can you judge what's good for them ? Maybe it is best to tell them the truth no matter what it is .
Yes . Here it is .
Yes , we did . But I shall never fly again .
Any time .
No , I think I will run things much the same way that Dad did .
You're a woman after my own heart . I don't know many people who can handle spicy food . Are you sure you are up for hotpot .
Yes , but it takes a while to find things . It's not organized as carefully as a regular store .
You look so happy , Anna . Any good news ?
Yes . The Palace Hotel . You have to be there .
Yes , I hope so . Thank you for telling me this .
What do you think of the test ?
Yes , I'm serious this time .
That's expensive .
Nice to meet you too ! I am George Williams .
It was Professor Johnson .
I seldom heard the quarreling of her children .
I suppose she's right . Does she speak English very slowly ?
Yes , it has .
Mm , I love burnt bread .
I try to be sensible about it , but it's not very easy . Sometimes you just have to grin and bear it .
Not bad . I'm confident . And I like challenges .
My mp3 player is broken , so I want to change it for an mp4 player . Can you offer any advice about which brand and model to buy ?
Ok . I'll make the arrangements . It will be great .
Hello , Karl . I ' m Chuck Jones . We ' re going to be neighbors .
Reservations . Can I help you ?
But I'm not sure if they're well-rcceived .
That's a good idea . Why have I never thought of that ?
Excuse me . What's the time difference between Beijing and San Francisco ?
really ? I haven't heard of it .
That's really terrible . Oh , God , we forgot to cheer for Daddy .
( After arriving on time ) Here's twenty dollars .
I don't like spending time on commercials . There ' re too many commercials on TV .
it can't be that bad . She was always a really good friend to you .
Well , the most important thing we need to do is make sure that our name and contact information are across the top .
I ' m very sorry I can ' t .
I have never had bad service at this restaurant , but this time was really exceptional .
What should I drink then ?
Because whoever let the cat out of the bag was breaking client confidentiality .
This was stated in our agreement .
I came two years ago after I graduated from college . This is my first job .
BET has black shows that are overlooked by mainstream white TV .
Well , I can ' t believe your uncle and aunt came to stay with us for a week , and they did not even call us in advance .
That's really not like him .
Our employees receive fifteen days of paid vacation every year . If you don ' t use the full fifteen days , they carry over to the following year .
How are you going to help me ?
When , did you say ?
Nice to meet you . And what do you do , Susan ?
No , he didn't tell me about it . Don't feel bad .
It's really there ? This all seems so surreal-like it's all one big nightmare .
Yes , they have a good reputation for fairness .
Now , Mr . Smith , could you fill out this registration form , please ?
Here you are . Please sign your name here .
Could you bring me some food , please ?
Using MP3 mode , you can download about 10 hours of music from either your CD player , or your computer's hard disk onto one mini-disk .
See ? I told you . It's very hard .
I would appreciate it if you could go to the store for me .
Great . What do you think of it ?
I appreciate what you have done for me . Everything I have seen here has left a deep impression on me . I really don't know how to express my thanks to you .
I'm not feeling well . I think I'm having a cold .
To be fair , though , both the costumes and scenery are marvelous .
What does she look like ?
Could you tell me why you want to quit ?
Don't jump to conclusions . Look at the bright side , try to make another date again .
I ' ll get them for you at once . And could I file the report for you ?
I don ' t want to hear it ! Now go to your room !
Yeah , why not ? I've got a little free time on my hands . Where do you want to eat ?
The same to you , Joey .
Is that different from our school's English course ?
That is called a nuclear family .
I think I want to try a new style .
Well , sir . According to today's exchange rate , every pound in cash is equivalent to 1 . 89 U . S . dollars . How much would you like to change ?
Oh , no , surely . Your ideas were very interesting as well .
Where are you now ?
Mario Puku .
Yes , but you only pay 800 dollars a month . Emm , it ' s hard to decide which is better , shorter commuting time or lower rent .
I've been offered another job with higher salary . And it also gives me the opportunity of promotion .
1564 .
But I've never jumped off anything in my life . The highest thing I've jumped off is my bed . I'm scared .
Everybody would like to have Jim on their team . Because he is funny and helpful and he can contribute a lot to the team he belongs to .
The application form are quite complicated . It took me a few hours to fill it out . The hardest thing was getting all the necessary documents . That took almost two weeks .
Peter , it's time to go home now ! Hurry up !
Because I admire your company . Yours is one of the most effective and respectable companies in this city .
I went to a movie with my boyfriend .
I can give you a 10 % discount .
I prefer the indoor sports , such as bowling , badminton and squash .
Thanks for coming shopping with me .
& you ?
oh , yes . That would be better .
Self-service ?
But it ' s very convenient for you to walk to work .
What do you think about half day kindergarten for Stacey ?
That's fine . Fill out this form and let me see your credit card , please .
What forms should I fill out to collect unemployment ?
Come on ! Rest breads rust .
Yes , it's really amazing . I got to go now . I'm meeting with some other collectors .
Yes , I'd like to know something about the salary .
Oh , hi , Donald .
I'm not too scared . But I've done sky diving before .
I think lifelong learning is the concept that it's never too soon or too late for learning
But I can't just slow down .
Really ? I'm so glad to hear that . But I don't know how to get access to the Internet . Could you show me ?
Stephanie is . She goes to college in Washington and Jack works in Florida .
Hmm ... well , maybe we can buy this one then .
thanks . Where shall we put our luggage ?
Just present your VISA card , and there won't be any problems .
As long as it isn't too far from this city , I don't mind .
It sure is
Then take your time , please .
It ' s just I ' m not feeling well . I think I ' m coming down with a cold or something .
Oh I fell over on the way to work .
The car isn't running smoothly . I'd like to have a look at it .
So sorry , I must have confused the orders . I'll check it .
Yes . Let's go Dutch .
I wish I could play again , but there isn't much opportunities around here .
what kind of qualities do you look for in your friends ?
My doctor said that I need a chest X-ray .
How does it feel to be in charge of so much money ?
I believe they are a local delicacy in the South .
Yes , you can . That color is very popular with Honda buyers . So we've kept it available .
We cannot expect politics to be true anyway .
I'm so happy . I don't have to worry about finding a job and interviewing anymore .
What was the most significant project you've worked on ?
No , I left it at home . Sorry !
How often do you run your anti-virus program ?
Did they catch him ?
I think the best way I can do is to reduce our price by 2 % and I should think we could conclude a deal at $ 98 .
Yes . No need to change .
I finally found an apartment that I want to rent .
Do you have to pay to join ?
Did you hear what happened in the Scott case ? Some of the sensitive material were leaked to the press . Now every newspapers is all over it .
What movies have you seen lately ?
OK . Hope you feel better soon . You should take it easy . I ' m sure the doctor will prescribe rest , you know .
Was I ? Sorry , I didn't mean to be . I do apologize .
Well , what do you think of the aluminum pan ?
Thanks for the information . And good luck in your college search .
But I can't miss the flight . It's an important meeting and it ' s waiting for me .
I have to run to the grocery store .
Does it say how much they are asking for this house ?
A good friend of mine is there on a homestay program , too .
Do you have the day off today ? How come you're not at work now ?
All right , then . See you this afternoon .
Let's get start . What kinds of things do you have in mind ? If you let us know the requirements you have from the very beginning , we can work through each one until we can come to an agreement .
Is there anything else that we need ?
At 11 . 30 . And on Thursday Ms Von wants to talk to you .
We'll make it right with you , of course .
A silk scarf . I love it . Thank you very much . My lovely son .
Gosh !
That makes sense . It's important to take care of your health early in life .
So , Emily , how was your day ?
Everything that you need for a successful job search is here . Happy job searching !
Yes , the car park is under constant video surveillance , so my car is quite safe . Please get in .
What's the matter with you , Mary ? You look a bit pale .
OK . What name , please ?
They were grown without using any chemicals that are harmful to our health . And yes , John , we need organic carrots ...
Well , how much are they ?
How do you know about this company ?
Could you give me an idea of how larger an amount you want ?
I think we should discourage people from using their private cars . They produce too much pollution !
Don't you want to hear more about my statue ?
What kind are you going to make ?
It's a quiet beach just about an hour outside of the city .
Well , let's see which technique is better . I think I'll go up first ... Yes ! I hit a strike . I knocked them all down on my first bowl .
Let's just hope it doesn't get hotter .
I didn't expect to see you at this hour . You must have goofed off again .
I see . You people from south prefer sweet , don't you ?
I would like to go but I have to finish a very important presentation . Our boss needs it for tomorrow ' s morning meeting and I was given the complete information only late this afternoon .
Good coming .
Any more hints as to what I should do in an interview ?
I don't know what time it is . It must be about 6 o'clock . I have to go now . I don't want to be late .
Car trouble center . How may I help you ?
What rental do you offer ?
You ' re right about that .
To find out if you are eligible for our Fixed Asset Loan , we will have to look at various aspects of your business , such as your long-term business prospects , your cash flow , your profitability , your capital structure ...
Beth , would you like me to help you carry it ?
All right . Let me see . I think you'd wear a size 8 . This shirt is size 8 .
How nice to see you again !
How frequently do you drink ?
Great , so what happens now ?
If you attack him , be sure you ' ll get a Roland for an Oliver .
That ' s a great idea . Which charities would you support ?
about ten days ago . I ' Ve tried to use it since then . Sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn ' t . it ' s very frustrating .
Then you pretended to go without buying it ?
Todd , good to hear from you !
Talk to you then .
OK . All the registered airmail packages can be received in 5 working days .
Listen , I'd better get back to the grindstone .
I went out on one interview , but I haven ' t heard back from them .
Only if you pay your fine .
Good morning , Mr Wang .
My name is James .
Ten hundreds and Ten Twenties and the rest of small changes please .
No , I don't , do you ?
Because it's impossible to improve listening level within a week .
Well , I see . Thanks .
It is ok with me . I enjoy being busy and learning new things .
It ' s Asian fusion . I heard it ' s delicious .
You have done a lot of traveling . I'll bet you've learned quite a bit .
Does have your telephone number ?
I forgot to bring it , but maybe Mary has some . Let's go and ask her .
You're right , doctor . It's more important to be healthy than wealthy . I'll change my job . I'm grateful for your advice .
You can get cheap carpets easily . Another idea is to buy a rug . That would cover a lot of the carpet and you wouldn ' t have to replace the carpet . It would save you a lot of work .
Not a good day , I hate to tell you that Mr . Emory wants to see the designs for the Polish Paste Ad tomorrow morning .
Thank you . Mr . A , and I certainly hope the answer will be favorable . Goodbye .
Thanks . But don't forget that they have a vet appointment this Saturday .
Sawdust ?
let ' s get back to you . How was your day ?
Okay , here are the graphs and figures for this month's sales . Let's review them all together .
Oh . I guess you get what you pay for . How long did you stay there ?
Excuse me , Ma ' am . I would like to mail this package door to door via airmail to London . It is a very important package and has to be sent within 3 days .
I'm so sorry , sir . We'll give you a new room immediately , and give you a refund also .
Maybe some animals eat the seed , but humans don't . You'd have to soak it for 10 years .
Lily thinks that the job takes a back seat to the family after she is married .
Anytime . You can reach me 5558929 .
I was running around the track at my college and there she was walking around the same track .
Ok . I will wait until you have had your fun , if that's what you want .
Is she coming ?
What ' s the charge for the tailoring ?
It is $ 200 per night .
I'd like to buy some postcards of Beijing .
What do you think of the way people use and treat animals ?
Well , if you want to live in London , you have to pay the price !
You are right . I am not boasting , but she is really as beautiful as she is intelligent .
Not much make up .
Hey Matt . I just got a job at a consulting firm .
I trust you ' re keeping well ?
That settles it then . 5,000 RIB it is , thanks .
What kind of problems are you talking about ?
Was there an accident on the freeway today ?
Look , all you do is press that button and it ' s ready to use .
It tastes funny . Why can't people just stick to plain and simple coffee ?
It's a special green tea named Longing Tea from Zhejiang province .
Yes , I worked as a doctor at Beijing People's Hospital .
Well , I'm glad you're starting to pay more attention to your diet .
I think I got lucky in choosing a wine that blends with this meal .
OK , but don't forget I'm here for you , and I know how you feel . It's my loss , too .
I have an interview tomorrow , so I hope I can learn everything quickly .
Who ' s that boy ?
Then you should write your objectives , such as seeking a position in foreign trade .
I'm going for a walk , Yi-jun . I need some time to myself .
Good . By the way , who's going to cook the meat ?
What films feature him ?
What's wrong with him ?
I have never seen so many flavors of ice cream in one place !
Hey , what's good with you ?
Really ? Why not ? Don ' t you go up and talk to them ?
Yes I have . I went to the table tennis yesterday .
Thanks , Mary . You ' re a real pal . I ' ll call now to set up an interview .
SEEK , please .
May I take your order now ?
I beg your pardon for being late .
So , will you marry me ?
Where ? On the road ?
Wow . That sounds really good .
Well , I ' Ve got some papers due .
I don't have money for a transfer .
They were really tough .
I'll take it then .
That will be on the second of December . Be there half an hour early to get your bags on the bus . Do you understand ?
what do you think will happen to him ?
No , I can manage it myself . Just sit down , please .
Why not try on this lovely pair of shorts ? I'm sure they'd look fabulous on you .
Well , you certainly didn ' t choose her because of her looks ! Hey , I was joking ! Don ' t hit me !
All right . You can rest assured that we will do everything possible to advance shipment . The fertilizers will be delivered before April .
No , I am not eating there anymore . I have ordered my favorite food in the restaurant around the corner . The food served in the cafeteria is not my type . I am a total meat lover . But the cafeteria is doing its best to force me to be a vegetarian . They have been serving the Chinese cabbage and white gorse for three days . Haven ' t you noticed that ?
Can I pay by private check ?
I got two . We can go there together .
I like all kinds of stuff . I admit I love romance .
It ' s a pity we can ' t afford a house . A garden would be so nice .
Not really . But I really love to have after-meal tea .
Give me five more minutes . I'm really tired this morning .
When do you go ?
Yes , I can see it . But what's on it ?
No , I will have to get an add sheet .
Hello . Do you know how I can find a room to rent ?
I want to check in now . Here is my ticket .
Well , what do you plan to use your computer for ?
I may just get some chips .
Engaged ?
I worked as a PR clerk for one year
Well , good for you . I hope you can get what you want from the training .
I apologize , but I'm getting off the phone now .
I went to Jessie's birthday party yesterday . It was very good .
Me too . How's the weather where you are ?
I heard about that . The pilgrims must walk around a large , sacred black stone .
Looks nice . How much do you charge ?
Hi . I ' m Tom Peterson . I ' m looking for a one-bedroom apartment .
That's all right
Hello , Bob .
It's typical Net Love , and a typical lesbians ' homosex ! HA !
Don't worry about it . It is true that pot is illegal in America . But the laws aren't as strict as in Taiwan . If people are arrested , and they have a little pot in their possession , they don't go to jail . They just have to pay a fine .
Her marriage was a hole and corner affair .
The taxi will be ready when you are , sir .
Yeah . They are emitted directly into urban water supplies .
Don ' t forget that horses are still used in many countries to pull ploughs and carts .
Make sure you pay special attention to the street signs with time limits . Have you noticed those signs ?
Let's say about 6:00 ?
I'm sure it's nothing serious , probably just a minor fault . I'll have a look at it .
I don't think so . I'll create further achievement in the future .
Merry Christmas , Lily .
I guess he gets that from me , I never did well in math when I was a kid . What can I do at home to compliment what he is learning in the classroom .
I would like to have this laundry done .
Surely it is .
Yes , I did . There ' s an anti-virus program with my email account that scans all attachments , so I ' m sure I haven ' t sent anything nasty to anyone .
I think it's the most successful film in scene-setting and music .
The players are scrambling to get the ball . Vargas gets to first base and he ' s still going ! The outfielder throws it to second ! Vargas slides ! He ' s safe !
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail , you print it out .
I mean , I know spring training's over , but I'm just not into all that .
We don't .
I blew the finally exam .
Yes , sir . American breakfast with fried eggs , sunny side up , grapefruit juice and a black coffee . Am I correct , sir ?
Is this 617-228-2289 ?
Well , how do I look in this one ?
Maybe you have a point .
I am afraid I can't I am going to be out all day .
We hope so .
thanks .
It suits us fine . We ' ll see you then .
OK . I ' ll make enquiries .
Yeah , So , are you going to buy one ?
I'm glad to have had the opportunity to meet you here .
What did you get for lunch today ?
That ' s a possibility . Thanks !
No champion can remain at the top for ever .
There are lots of new teachers in our class this semester .
She must also be diligent and do a lot of things on her own initiative .
I have met a beautiful girl .
You ' re welcome .
It doesn't seem to be so easy .
That ' s it .
Hi , I'm Lucas , I just moved in next door .
Could you tell me where you put my book ?
You don ' t have to starve yourself to lose weight . I think that ' s where you ' re going wrong .
What was your speed then ?
Is it a direct train to London ?
Wow sounds interesting ! Excuse me if I am being a bit nosy but , how old are you ?
Then what do you deal with ?
Hello sir . Good to meet you , too .
I should say , it stunned me . I can't imagine what they will think of next .
I don't understand why I can't just pay you .
We posted several positions . Which position are you looking for ?
Well , it pays off for her . How old is she anyway ?
Then something must be wrong with the meter .
Thanks , but I want to have a look at the Motorola's products .
I have a typical nine to five job . Actually , I work a little longer than nine to five most days .
Well , yes . Several colleagues from different departments helped me with that . They are very supportive . I consulted an economic expert last week . He was very kind to give valuable suggestions .
Is that a no-smoking sign ?
I like photography very much . I used to be awarded second prize in a photography contest at our university .
Many . Most of the cities in the southern part of the United States are hot all year .
That sounds OK . I'll need it from the 10th to the 14th .
How about the tires ?
Yes , I want to be a doctor one of these days . What about you ?
That's OK . Thanks for your help .
That's why a lot of people buy cigarettes here too , isn't it ?
How much does it cost to rent a mid-size car ?
Mary , you have found several companies that are hiring , right ?
If you have any questions about it , please don't hesitate to tell me . I'll go . Bye .
Good morning . I'd like to have a haircut .
It ' s pretty bad .
Excuse me . I need some storybooks in easy English . Do you have anything like that ?
We should make it , if there isn't too much traffic .
You gossip ! What's the basis of your opinion ?
I am not sure how to add a class .
Rice .
When was that ?
OK , let me tell you what we ' Ve been doing . We ' Ve been in touch with the Wales and Scottish Tourist development offices here in Taiwan and they ' re interested in working with us to promote their regions to the youth segment . We ' Ve decided to implement an advertising campaign focusing on the excitement of the activities in those regions .
A little distraction might do you some good , Zina .
I am reading a book about money management .
You should consider the size and interests of your audience . In other words , who is listening , and what do they want to hear ... you can put together a PPT with some graphics and animations that will catch people's attention , but be careful not to go overboard .
Pork steamed with rice flour , jelly fish and egg soup .
Besides the resume , you also need the original and copies of your graduation certificate and your ID card .
This is a really great place to watch a baseball game .
How may I help you , miss ?
In 2009 Cambridge will come to its eight hundredth anniversary .
Hey , Jim . Wake up !
We got off too early , didn't we ?
Don't worry about it . It must be somewhere in your room . Let's see where you put it . Have you searched your drawers and the desk ?
Yes , but I bet $ 200 dollars on the Cougars !
Let me see them . Yes , they're OK .
Thank you , Bob ! This past week has been the beginning of Armageddon for many , a series of unprecedented meteorological events occurred around the world . In Switzerland , a major avalanche was reported in the Alps . Fortunately , no one was injured . Due to to the extreme cold this winter , a blizzard has struck the US Midwest , causing classes in schools and universities to be temporarily canceled .
There are lots of jobs , and almost everybody works . There is a high standard of living . People earn a lot , but they spend a lot to live . So there isn ' t so much money after all .
A barber shop ? !
Mr . : Here . Write your name inside the front cover . Remember that you must return the textbook to me at the end of the semester , so keep it in good condition .
Ok . Then I can make up my mind .
Then I'II make reservations for 9 pm for a party of four .
Yeah ... I keep thinking about what I'll do with a Master's or Doctorate . I love language but I don't think there are a lot of well-paying jobs out there for experts on Shakespeare .
well , you need something to wake you up . How about a soda ?
Excuse me , do you speak English ?
You get 2 weeks paid vacation and an additional 10 days of sick leave .
Well , thank you . I hope to see you at school tomorrow .
I don't want to see a movie by myself .
I ' m going to need you to show me how to use the machine .
Great ! I'll look forward to it . We'll make sure and check the mail for our invitation .
No , I just read the names off the packages ... Ha !
Can you tell me my choices ?
Do you have a moment ?
This is not what I asked for , I'm afraid .
Most public schools in the United States are very good , and the majority of students attend the public schools .
Are there any good programs on TV ?
No , thank you
How about anything for dessert , like an apple pie or ice cream ?
Of course . If you could sign your name on the bottom line here , and write your address here . And please sign and date the back of every cheque and of course I'll need to see your passport .
That ' ll be a big help . Well , here ' s a list of some of the food you could buy .
It ' s hard to say . Language isn ' t like other studies .
The 19:00 train .
Certainly , sir . How much rent did you want to pay ?
I couldn't do that . I have an important meeting to go to today .
That's very respectable , but I could never live with my parents . I usually only see them at our christmas celebration -- and that's enough !
I can ' t keep up with the game . The players play so quickly that I can hardly see what they are doing .
Let's switch the lights on .
I'd like a ticket for that flight please .
Have a nice evening .
oh , no . not at all .
Well , anyway , I made a beeline over to their office , had an interview with the manager , and was told to start work the next day .
Do you think I should join the basketball team , Mary ?
Sure , I'll give them a bath .
Right . I only knew a few English sentences .
Yes , miss . What was the problem with your purchase ?
Yes . I heard he had a few broken bones too , but that the doctors have set the fractures without any problems .
I ' m worried about my daughter . She can ' t decide about college .
Everything is right here . If that's all in order , just let me know where I sign .
It's not special . It can be seen everywhere .
Will you let me go if I tell you ?
Yes . Have a look .
I know they aren't good for you , but they are cheap , convenient , and fairly tasty .
I feel terrible , I really didn ' t mean to knock you over . My tire , just exploded , and I lost control of my bike . Really , it was an accident . Please accept my apologies .
I'm so sorry . Kindly tell me what the problem is , sir .
Yes , I have a driving license .
But it is far from downtown . Living here is very inconvenient .
May I have your name please ?
I totally agree . I really like my lifestyle to be drama-free , and I don't want to argue about cleaning the apartment . My last roommate was a drama queen . Every time I forgot to take my shoes off , she got really mad and made a big deal out of it .
Yes , certainly , you have the receipt ?
No , but the nurse at school says that I should have my blood pressure checked .
Good afternoon . Reservations . May I help you ?
God ! It's freezing !
Crazy !
it's very impressive . Can you use the Internet on your phone ?
Operator , can you give me any information on the call I just received ?
Is it because of the bad weather ? It's been really miserable for the past tew days .
Let's go there then . Is it a Chinese restaurant ?
What kind of person do you consider yourself to be ?
When does it start ?
Look ! they've taken your fur coat too .
That ' s true . But it ' s a little strange because the media often reports on political events . You can read about them in newspaper or hear them on tv .
How long have you been feeling this way ?
Oh , let's hope so .
And that is ?
Are you going to take your children along ?
Good morning ! Welcome to our bank ! How may I help you ?
Ok but you must stay calm . Do you want me to give you a lift ?
Actually not ! Our company pays for performance .
Well , Last night when I returned from thetheatre I found I lost my wallet .
So many places I have been looking forward to . We will take part in the group .
So in foreign trade , you must be very clear about language differences .
Yeah . I went to California to study .
But when I noticed that he was left in the cold , I could not help wanting to help him to get out of the situation .
Hi , this is Sharon in Mr . Reynolds ' s office . One of your delivery men picked up a package here about an hour ago .
Don ' t you have it ? Did you lose it ?
It ' s fun meeting new people .
This next one is from Betty .
Good idea . Then the trainer will help me to make a fitness plan . Besides that , what's your secret ?
That sounds great . I'll take them .
Of course ! I bought two copies .
It's hard to say . It depends . But I love the waltz .
Guess what came in the mail today ?
How long have you been working there ?
No . You shouldn't drive like that .
But I ended up with finding out lady that night , that you were with other girl at cafe near your home .
Yes , what a wonderful day ! The sky has cleared up in the end .
How long will it take by air ?
I'm sorry , madam , there ' s a limit to the speed .
Are you free this Saturday evening ?
I ' m very sorry .
Isn ' t there a place in france where people go to get healed ?
Then how do you like this plum red one ?
That ' s amazing ! You got a good pay here , didn ' t you ?
OK ! I'll show you how my mom did it .
I will . I want to write the first draft tonight . So I could bring it tomorrow morning .
Really ? Good for you .
Yes . There is . it has several sections , so it ' s quite a read ! It usually takes me a few hours to read it on Sunday morning .
I am sorry to hear that . It shows that you should buy companies , not ideas .
That's fine . I'd like to be on the aisle anyway . It's easier to get in and out .
Show me some of the latest fashion , please .
Yes . These were always so many people . After taking the subway during the rush hour , you'll envy sardines in their cans .
That's good . I think they must like them . in recently years , light industry have be developing in Standley , and place a credible role in our industry sister . these industry including leather , bikes , household electric products , clocks , sporting goods and so on . many of them are very popular at home and abroad .
Will it be all right to visit you this evening ?
Yes , I'd like some information about the trains to Beijing .
What do you think we need to do to get our new branch office running well ?
Oh , really . Mm ! How much is the fare ?
Ok , I promise . So what's troubling you so much ?
Yes . Especially in autumn , the red leaves of the maple trees make the whole mountain red .
One percent .
Thank you , yes . I'm not sure how to use this ATM , I usually go to a clerk and use my Bank Book . But today , I thought I'd try something new . I want to take some money out .
What's the weather like in your city ?
Can we adjust the pitch a little ? Maybe he'll sound better in a higher key .
How long have you been washing clothes here ?
I'm fine , Katherine . I just stayed up late last night working on my Chinese .
Hi , Ellen ! How is it going ?
Yes , the service hasn't been the best . Is that our waitress over there ?
Wow ! That must be really awesome to stand on the top of the mountain to overlook the earth .
Okay . I will begin working on it now , if you ' d like .
Sorry , we can ' t come down any more .
Oh , yes . May I sit on the grass ?
Can you go there with me ? I'd like someone who is familiar with that area to go with me .
Okay , okay , we'll split it 50/50 .
What do we need for the barbecue ?
Jim was late again .
Her home is between the China hotel and Li Sheng Theater .
Come on , Liz . Be open-minded ! Look at my eyes , they are puffy . And my eye bags , they are dark and loose and full of lines and circles . I really hope surgery can wipe out the tired feelings .
Did Mr . Lin put you in charge of marketing ?
I surely did ! Ask the customer service counter if we can deposit our stuff there .
Small , but it should be enough for our needs . I think .
Ha , yes , brilliant !
We met them in Bermuda last May .
What should I learn first ?
I think that I might be getting the flu .
Didn't you read about Paypal and Bidpai ? They are very safe .
How's the building work going ?
Wow , there are so many lanterns to appreciate .
Yes , do you always gather to welcome new comers ?
We export some coal to European countries , but our biggest exports is copper , which we export to Europe , north America , and China .
Do you think that will be enough to make him have a change of heart ?
It is not an easy job . The government is working on it . Lots of trees have been planted in the north of the capital . Also , methods of generating rain are being used by the government to fight against the drought . But of course , it will not work overnight . So , have you come out with a new plan for today ?
How did that happen ?
When will you be able to come here ?
I do . We haven't watered them for quite a few days .
Well , let me see . We have a nice one on which we still have several unfilled places .
So do you ! How are you doing ?
I believe most of them think it as good public relations . They can promote their product and make their company better-known .
Yes . I will .
OK . Thank you very much for your trouble .
Thank you , I'll be there .
No , I ' Ve been waiting for ages .
Could I have your name again , please ?
Which is more expensive ?
Perfect ! This package includes round-trip flights to New Hampshire . A free airport pick - up is included . Our VIP limousine will pick you up and provide you with complimentary champagne and finger
Well , as you know Rebecca , in journalism work hours are not exactly nine to five . You could be on call at any time . We do have to work very unsociable hours at times .
I will check , please hold on . Sorry to say that flight is all booked up . Can I book you for the 3rd of September ?
... Okay , I'm finished . Here's your form and my old card .
Here are the leads from last week's exhibit as a trade show . There are about forty or so that are hot . You should contact them immediately , in the next twenty-four hours if you can . The rest are categorized according to potential and interest . You can see we've got our hot stack , our warm stack , our lukewarm , and our cold but not dead stack .
This is exciting ! Thank you so much !
OK , OK . On one condition .
That'll be 120 dollars .
Really ? Tell me about some of the plants they showed .
do you know where the visa office is ?
Julie ! It's good to see you again . How have you been ?
I managed to get a sandwich from a flight attendant . How about you ?
Then you can help her with the breaststroke and sidestroke .
Coffee would be fine .
I absolutely love making mousaka , which is a Greek dish with eggplant . But it takes a lot of time , so I don ' t often make it .
But we cannot talk like elders .
Here's two twenties . Keep the change .
Of course . You'd better learn something about it .
Get on the bus heading west .
Because this is a public place , and I want to spend my time here without having to look at your garbage .
All right . Maybe next time I can go with you . Bye !
For example , if your credit limit is 5,000 RIB and you owe 1,000 RIB , your available credit will be 4,000 RIB . So , your credit limit drops .
Where's Boston .
How many people have flung their hats into the ring ?
Can you tell me how long it will take them to get back to me ?
You will go back tomorrow , right ?
And a storm blew our roof away .
Look at the traffic . It ' s terrible !
Ok , so how about this , " This is Abby and I am really happy you called ! I promise I will give you a ring as soon as I can , so please leave me your name and number . Talk to you soon ! " .
I really did , but what ' s so great about it is that it ' s really affordable .
What about your computer skills ?
the prices are clearly marked on the back of each mask . Would you like me to get one down for you to look at ?
Oh , yes . I'll take this one . Can I pay by traveler ' s check ?
Were you around when the robbery happened ?
How awful , poor guy .
Well , yes . Actually , I'm going back to visit .
Of course . I made the apple pie this morning , so it ' s lovely and fresh .
Good morning , sir . Is there anything I can do for you ?
Thanks . I don't suppose you have some paper , too .
I can make it for you if you like .
Me too . I get much more done when I am under the gun .
Certainly . May I have your name , please ?
Mr . Smith , this is your schedule .
You won ' t get anywhere that way . You ' re the one who needs to practice English , so you should make the first move . Besides , most American students are really friendly and outgoing . They will be glad to talk to you .
Sure , but how ?
Would you rather stay home ?
Here is the swimming pool and we can swim later .
What's wrong , Dave ? You look down today .
I think that they don ' t complete the forms correctly or they don ' t include all the required documents . The embassy is very strict about it . You have to be quite careful .
I've ordered savory pork and coleslaw .
You are right . Let ' s stop idling around and do something .
Well , you'd better take it out front .
We just bought this house and it is infected with just about everything . We have termites in the wood , cockroaches all over the place , and last night I saw a huge rat out in the backyard !
Good boy .
The charge was for a $ 350 purse , but I did not buy it .
Nice to see you , too .
You have worked in your present company for five years .
Ben , we ' re fifteen . What kind of job are you looking for ?
Oh , it costs too much . It's more expensive than the public school .
What seems to be the problem , kid ?
Then let me take you out to dinner to celebrate .
I don't think I'm getting better .
My friend needed me to help him .
This one is the same size and color . But the design is different .
Well , as we say , the rest is history ...
What do you need to do ?
No , not really . Just bring yourselves . We would like to your presence .
The show starts at 7 and is over at around 10 o'clock p . m .
Of course . I can't live without it , so I always bring my CD with me no matter where I go .
In that case , formal suit with a nice tie will be better .
That ' s just it , I ' m not happy anymore , Tim . It ' s not you , it ' s me . I know that I can be hard to deal with , and you are a great guy ! You are the type of guythat any woman would kill for !
It all depends on what you want to accomplish in your life .
Yes , that ' s right . From now on , whenever you have a question or concern regarding anything that happens during the work day , Ms . Cain will be your advocate . If you believe there is anything inappropriate or unfair in the management practices , the ombudsman will be the first person you seek . Her job is to have your best interest at heart .
3,000 marks in hundreds and the rest in tens and twenty ' s , please .
I'm quitting because of the lousy salary and all the difficulties I have in getting along with my colleagues .
I already tried that . Nothing seems to help .
If you need baggage tags , they are found in the box on your right .
You know , it's OK for a girl to forget these " big days " , but for a guy , to do that is unforgivable .
I'd like the beef .
Thank you and goodbye .
The price is reasonable because the quality is super .
We have the equal partnership in team .
Okay . Do you have your receipt ?
Of course . We are already out of our motherland .
The weather in Beijing is just beautiful !
And where would you like to meet ?
That's true . During rush hours , taxis are just as quick as buses .
yeah , feels like yesterday . Now I ' m almost settled down here . We ' re planning to buy an apartment and tie the knot .
Do you think that is a good idea ?
I didn't know you did Yoga .
Hurry up ! Hurry up ! What lovely caterpillars are over there !
Yes , Ma'am . No magazines during the office hours . I'm sorry .
That ' s it for today .
There's been bad blood between them since Bobbie took away John's girlfriend .
Don ' t worry . Everyone knows you ' re getting your feet wet . I ' ll show you how . I bet you ' ll be proficient at this in five minutes .
Good morning . I want to apply for a library card .
Well , it can't be helped . I really must have that money . Thank you .
I enjoyed it , even though I had not asked for it .
But you are too slow to follow them .
I prefer the absent . the way I see it , to do the dishes is boring .
( Half an hour , Janice begins shouting excitedly . ) What's the matter with you ?
There ' s a real mix of stories in the book . I haven ' t finished all of them yet , though . Many of them are short detective stories , but there are also horror stories and sci-fi ones . If you give me your
They didn ' t let me go until the next morning .
Let me see . Everything looks fine . We ' ll be taking applications for this position through Friday . We ' ll start calling for interviews sometime next week .
Hello , I'm sorry for calling this late . May I speak to Peter ?
Is there a lot of crime in your city ?
I am afraid I can't finish typing it this afternoon . When will you use it tonight ?
We are basically going to check your heart , lungs , blood sugar levels , and eyes , ears , and nose .
Yes , you're right . What do you like to do in your spare time ?
I prefer something like this one - a touring bike , but it is more expensive .
This really isn ' t the place for you .
Is this the only kind you have ?
Dancing figures are quite popular . Two of the boxes have them .
Yeah , I really don't want a lot of drama in the apartment . It's important that we don't get on each other's nerves .
Front desk . May I help you ?
Since when did Eddy start doing ballet ? !
I am very pleased to meet you .
What if we purchase an increased quantity ? Can you give us better terms ?
It ' ll only take me a minute to complete your transaction .
He ' s nearly 90 .
I already told you that I'm not cooking tonight .
My wages are six hundred dollars a week . But I find a part-time job to supplement my income .
So , did you go out with Richard ?
Yes , we have both the paperback and hardcover . which would you want to buy ?
Absolutely . She ' s a teacher of aerobics .
15 copies for each diploma .
I think I need a new notebook .
thank you very much .
Actually , we have a few to choose from . They are over here .
Well , we'll both have to start learning all the new dances .
No , they ' re coming tomorrow morning to turn the gas on . My phone should be working then , too .
I ' m sorry . She ' s in a meeting right now .
I love the peaceful life in Canada .
So , why did you apply for such a demanding job ?
OK , here is your registration card .
Heather Johnson .
Sure . I've even e-mailed some people who had bought from the person who sold this bag .
For starters , you want to do a lot of scouting first . You've got to know what things cost .
How have you been feeling lately ?
Well , the universe is a chaotic place , and the gravity from one galaxy , or from a group of galaxies , may disturb the motion of its near neighbors , causing them to collide . However , on average , when you compare two large enough chunks of space , the galaxies in one are moving away from the galaxies in the other .
Yes . The German engineer would never dreamed that the hand - supported scooter he invented several years ago to solve his traffic problems would become so fashionable in the Occident within a few years and even spread to Japan and China .
Is that right ? Like what kind of changes ?
Look ! He has a partner !
You ought to complain . These machine are always out of order .
I'd like to buy a shirt .
I'm not sure what to cook for dinner .
Sorry , the whole afternoon is filled up here . Will tomorrow do ?
Is his father a worker ?
Here ' s an ad . about a big sale of washing machine . Do you want to see it ?
Certainly , Mr . Williams . Just one moment , please .
That makes me nervous .
What's the price per day ' ? And are the meals included or extra ?
You seem to be very tired .
Could I have a word with you ?
No , what happened ?
That's okay . Better late than never .
It ' s open from 6:30 a . m . to 10 p . m . every day .
Of course not .
Is he really ?
How long does the rainy season last ?
I'm really not sure . Usually just one or two films look set to sweep the awards ceremony , but this year there are several contenders .
First , we're going to change the curtains , then we're going to paint the walls .
Sure . Is it your father's birthday ?
Can I have apple pie with ice cream ?
I don't like the style .
Well anyway , do you plan on going to school tomorrow ?
OK , here it is . Can you hear it ?
Are the sellers responsible for fixing the problems with the house ?
No , don't bother . I think I'm OK .
Watch your language or you'll be spending the weekend in your room .
Don't worry about it ! Making a new meal out of leftovers is almost an art ! Not only do you save money , but you also get to be creative and have something different to eat !
Thank you so much for coming tonight . Everybody really enjoyed your performance .
All right . You need to have an interview with our manager , Mr . McBride . Let's go to his office .
Ask away .
Great ! When do you take over ?
Okay . I chose this swimming suit . Do you like it ?
I think everyone will be coming . Dave don ' t come because he has to go to his parent ' s home and they live in Scotland .
There is a football match .
Now we arrive at the Cambridge University , it is one of the oldest universities in the world .
It doesn't matter , you need to get some sleep .
This bus doesn't take you directly there . You'd have to change buses twice . I suggest you walk . It'll take you less than 20 minutes .
You are very welcome . Anything else I can do for you today ?
It is lithium which can be used for over three years .
Thanks so much . I owe you one .
Yes , they ' re very fashionable , you see .
Is it possible to consider FOB ? That way , we will handle the insurance through our broker .
Actually , it suggest English . The main argument is that English is already being studied as a second language in most countries-china , India , mexico , Nigeria , Pakistan , and japan -- so beginning again
Yes , could you show me to your coat section ?
To be honest , I like all of them , except for the math teacher . Though he must be quite young , he seems like an old person . He's so boring .
I bake chicken because it's a healthy way to eat it .
So when will it be here then ?
Have you paid all your tickets off ?
Have you taken a walk around your neighborhood yet ?
When will you be able to deliver ?
But the price is too high .
I'm totally with you on that .
Not everyone . But a lot of people do , especially the young . It's a fine place to spend an evening with friends or to make some new friends .
I ' m sure we can work out some kind of deal .
There was a very important project that had to be researched and completed by the end of the week . Even though I worked extra hours every night for almost two weeks , my boss and I stayed until 2 a . m . for two nights before the final wrap up . It was very rewarding to have put so much effort into a project and see the really great results . My boss gave me a bonus for my extra effort .
I didn't hear anything about a delay . I thought everything was running on time . What happened ?
I'll give you cash .
It certainly sounds impressive . Why don't you have your credentials sent to me and I'll show them to the board ? We'll probably get back to you in a week .
There's some tape , iodine , and cloth bandages . I don't think the cloth bandages can stop the bleeding . What we need is a tourniquet .
How many years of experience do you have ?
I'm sorry . My car's taken .
Sure , I'd love to meet the cast ! Have you ever been in a play ?
Well , I am under a lot of pressure . My boss is very pushy . He assigned me three projects . Now the deadlines are near , and I still have not finished all of my projects .
Let me help you make one this year .
Yes , to tell you the truth , there is .
What a pity !
People say grapes from XinJiang are much sweeter than other kinds . Please give me a kilo of that .
I'm calling to let you know that the funds for NX567822100007 have arrived .
I'm afraid you've made a mistake . This isn't what I ordered .
Wow , a real step up !
Ok with me . You are the boss . I will meet you downstairs after work .
Your office looks different with a computer . By the way , is it difficult to use a computer ?
Then I'll walk . Many thanks .
Yes , twice .
Really ? You are a lucky dog . You know , many girls dream of dating him .
How much do you want ?
Could you please select me one ?
Coffee , please .
Buckle up the belt , please .
It's interesting . Let me see .
Yes , ma ' am . I could come in any day next week , except for Friday morning .
Good . Let's shake hands on this successful transaction .
I think this suit fits perfectly .
What--is tomorrow night something special ?
What kind of books interests you most ?
Yes , I banged it against to cooker yesterday . It really hurt , but it ' s OK now . the bruise will disappear soon .
ok . Have a good day . Here's your passport and documents back .
It ' s a pleasure to meet you , Miss Green .
Oh , man ! I can't believe it . A slam dunk !
Thank you for saying that . But what's the unit price ?
Listen , you can not afford another day off . You ' Ve called in sick five times in the last three weeks .
I hate dentists .
Well , there are core courses and electives .
My stomach is bothering me .
Then one hard seat , please .
She's 42 .
Right . If the cheque is coming from the US , into a local currency account it will take 7 working days to clear .
Excuse me . Could you help me ?
They could generally be divided into two categories
20 dollars .
We're supposed to meet him at Cal's Bar at 10
You don't have anything bad to say about her ?
Show me your passport and declaration please .
$ 60 .
He'll be a teenager before you know it ! Teenagers are often rebellious ! When do you think it is a good age to have a child ?
Here we are ' withdrawal ' , so I just press here ?
I'm sorry , I'm having a little trouble understanding your accent .
She is Miao Li . She's come here to see her brother .
I went to a private school for elementary school and university , but went to a public school for high school . What about you ?
I'd be glad to . Do you need anything else ?
Yes , please . Milk and two sugar .
Happy New Year , Steven .
Good . Do you know anything about this company ?
Certainly . Just make them out to National Bank , and sign and date them .
Isn ' t London hot in the summer ?
a left girl ? What's that ?
Certainly , just a moment , sir .
What about this pair ? They are the ' in ' things now in optical wear . Try them on .
I was late for work because of them .
Sure . How much is it ?
Yes , sir . We promised that .
I think we'll get along fine .
Until Monday or Tuesday next week .
Are you kidding ? That's the stupidest gift one can buy . I don't want to get a tie .
I think I can handle it by myself .
It's very exciting . I think .
Why don't you have any more money ?
I swear , I ' m going to kill you for this .
Good . I'm starving .
Well , it's important that you sit with him and review his homework assignments and help him with math . I would also recommend he stay after school twice a week for tutoring sessions . It will really help a lot .
That wouldn ' t be a lie !
You can deposit an initial amount of ten dollars .
We can ' t . if we went that fast , we would break the speed limit .
Do you have a boyfriend ?
About my boyfriend .
I just keep getting a busy signal .
Excuse me , Professor , is there a time when I could meet with you ?
What was your minor subject ?
No , they come every hour on the hour .
Good evening . Can I help you ?
I guess it's because the Chinese women are more attractive to Western men .
Just a little please .
He sounds hot ! What does he do for a living ?
Please say goodbye to the rest of the family for me .
What about you ? Your gym bag is gathering dust and you still have brand new running shoes that are yet to be jogged in .
I am having some trouble . How do you use this printer ?
Thank you so much for shopping here . Here's your change and receipt .
Liu , two days later , you will be in England . Don't you feel excited ?
Yes . But now I ' Ve learned differently . Now I have a more realistic opinion .
Er ... Is it far from here ?
Don ' t use office phones for personal matters .
The garden looks lovely when the roses are in bloom . You must have a lot of pleasure in planting flowers .
Both the new paint and new carpet will be finished by next week .
Really ? In my eyes it ' s normal , as an old man , to be thin is better than to be fat .
It's been a long time ! What's new ?
When is it due ?
I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads .
I like doughnuts .
Who do you think is going to get the Oscar for best actor ?
Just two blocks away , in that tall building .
That ' s James .
that's perfect ! Would you like one , too ? My treat .
Yes . We must have the same exam tomorrow !
I'm majoring in English .
Centrum ? We have bottles of thirty and one hundred tablets . Which kind do you want ?
We ate a lot of things . We played games and gave gifts to Jessie . We had a lot of fun .
I ' m excited to be here .
Thank you very much . I have been looking for it for a long time . Is this the latest edition ?
This is not to say you have to carry all of these clubs . It depends on your preferences .
Well , we used to talk to each other before we were married . Remember ?
Would you hold on a second , please ? Miss Cooper's extension is engaged .
The most important thing was to check that we had the goods in stock . If the goods are in stock , we can deliver them immediately . I also had to check the price . This customer is very important , so the
I think most people do . I like wearing nice , colorful clothes in summer , you know , a nice dress or skirt . It ' s too cold for those kinds of clothes in winter .
We provide our employees with training opportunities at home and abroad .
Well , stress is a real thing . It's not an imaginary condition .
Really ? How was it ?
Can you imagine she's over forty ?
Yes , I'd like to have a roast chicken leg .
I hope that it is not a formal one when the boss is there .
I would like to tell you that my clients are very satisfied with the last delivery of your slippers . The styles and colors are very much to the taste of our market .
Yes , I want to get a better job .
I met Amanda through a friend .
That's two for me and one for you .
Party ? What party ?
16 divided by 2 equals 8 .
that's thoughtful of you .
I need to go to the police station .
I'm still not sure about these ' Visible ' Certificates . What's the real difference , except the amounts available ?
That's right . Thank you .
Hello . I'd like to reconfirm my flight , please .
Excuse me , How do I get to the Grand hotel ?
thanks , sir .
Not always .
No . Well , in America , 21 is the age when you're allowed to drink . So , many guys celebrate it in bars .
Do you have any tissue , Eve ? I've used all mine .
It wasn't too bad . Were you nervous ?
But you promised to play chess with me this afternoon .
You'll have to try for yourself some day .
Alright . There's a spot open at the far end of the lot . Here's your parking stub .
are you good at making decisions ?
Rise and shine , sleepyhead .
How much fun is there in singing in front of other people , especially if you don't sing well ?
Me ? No way . I'm dedicated to the company , but I'm not going to leave Taiwan . I'm happy here .
How many vegetables do you steal today ?
It serves her right !
Yes , I did , thanks .
One Grand Slam breakfast for you !
And how's everyone in your family ?
i think i'll be a little afraid .
I really want to go , so I hope that she gives me my invite soon .
What ' s your pen name ?
We've been cramming for tomorrow's history exam since early this morning . What do you say we take a break and listen to some music , okay ?
Yes , actually I fell skiing last week and hit my head .
All right . I got it . What color is your car ?
Yes . Is it OK with you ?
that's true . But I have a low opinion of those women who go out with foreigners .
I think that 30000 yuan would be fair for this car .
The ticket was for parking in the red zone .
The most we can offer you at present is 600 dozen .
Yes , of course . This is really a nice party with wonderful people and lovely wines .
Come to my house this Sunday . My mom will not be at home then . We can cook some wonderful fried food by ourselves !
I can't stand the stupid guy any longer . It's unbelievable .
Yes . I'd like to swap some of my peanuts for your chips .
How much do you make a month ?
I'm sorry . I didn't reconfirm in time and they gave away half of the seats .
I don't feel well . I need an airsickness bag .
We really can ' t ask him to stop having students come in for help , can we ?
A second language is always difficult .
Here . What's the least I can pay in to get this account open ?
I don't feel like going .
I'm here if you need any more help .
It ' s the same in my city . We also have a lot of drug addicts . A lot of the crime is committed by drug addicts who need money for drugs .
Neither . I drove a hard bargain with the vendor before I got the price down .
Northward Airlines . Can I help you ?
Yes , there are three stops left .
Have you looked in the periodicals ?
OK , Mr . Coffee Connoisseur , so what's the next step in the coffee-making process ?
Thank you for coming .
Tell me what you've been doing .
What else do we need ?
What's on the test ?
You must be joking !
That's a matter over which we could exercise no control , then . I'm afraid I have to insist that you approach the insurance company for settlement , that is , if you have covered this risk in your coverage .
Football of course !
It's just around the comer . Would you need some pills ?
I really wish it wasn't so hot every day .
Why do you want to resign ?
Our terms are net 30 .
It's nice meeting you too , Alice .
Like for example , if I hadn ' t studied architecture , I would have become an artist like I wanted to .
I appreciate you telling me .
OK ! Let's go .
Sure . But you can only keep them for a week .
So you don't travel a lot now ?
yes . There were always so many people . After taking the subway during the rush hour , you ' ll envy sardines in their cans .
Interesting . What do you think about families with only one child ?
I love children , as you know , so probably a children ' s charity .
It's more than I can afford . Can I make an offer ?
Fine . And you ?
Everyone else there was wearing blue jeans . Several of the women had on running shoes . I felt out of place . So I have no idea what to wear tonight .
Yes . I also have a Loan Certificate .
That's because you are always fixing your eyes on the bald .
Oh , you men ! You're all the same .
Now let's use the weight machines .
I think we should really do something sometime .
Sure , Mr . Anderson , please come along with me .
Hi there ! I am looking for a new car . I have this old Ford Pinto that I would like to trade in .
no , they were really easy on him . The problem is that that was a long time ago . They are much tougher on crime now .
I'm going to leave around 4 O'clock .
Hi , Bob , what time will you be home tonight ?
she's pretty easy to get along with . She listens to her employees and treats everyone equally .
No , you don't ! It's still beeping ! Come on , hand it over and I'll turn it off for you .
So did i . that's why i didn't take my umbrella . i got cold in the rain in the afternoon . it was raining cats and dogs .
He said not to bother coming back . And I said , fine , I won't .
I think I have just a right apartment for you .
Step out of the vehicle , please . Sir , what do you have in the back ?
I'm sorry . I can't . What does the note say ?
Why do you always accuse me like that ?
All right . Come with me , please . Here is your seat , ma'am . Would you like to order now ?
I got it , but nevertheless . what I was saying just now was that how to terminate the contract before its term's up ?
You know how much I want to be on the team , and now there is an opening for me . If I don't go to practise today . They ' ll get someone else and I'll miss my chance .
Try a car wash and selling candy .
Learn a lot ? Really ?
Yes , that's right , around five nine five ten .
No , thanks .
Do I still need to pay the fine ?
Yeah .
Your clock never works . Perhaps you should buy a new one .
I'm calling 6667777 . Maybe my finger slipped and I touched the wrong number .
Yes , It has . It went off 30 minutes ago .
when did it first break down ?
I don ' t know what other people think , but I , for one , envy only children !
Of course I am . I only love you , Amy .
is it in a good location ?
No , it's too expensive for me . I've decided to take some exercises on my own .
I heard it is included in the four major arts of China , is it ?
Not yet . I'm not finished with my research yet .
Let's make a bet on who gets it .
Let me see . I'm sorry . Nothing's been turned in . Do you want to buy another one ?
Good afternoon , what can I do for you ?
Yeah . What's going on ?
What's your flight number ?
I see . Well , don't forget to talk to the college counselor at the school . He usually gives good advice and can help point you in the right direction . He gave me some information , and next week I'm going to take a look at some of the colleges he recommended .
It ' s about fifteen minutes ' walk . That ' s all .
I think that's the idea I was looking for . Thanks , man .
Did you land safely ?
Thank you . I appreciate the compliment .
All right , sir . Please reconfirm your ticket no later than 12 o'clock two days before the flight ; otherwise , your reservation will automatically be cancelled .
She's one of the prettiest girls at the school .
Yes . It ' s a bit tight . Have you got a bigger one ?
no , it's not going to be George . I don't think it's Andy either . He is involved with the boss's sister in-law . And you know how whipped our boss is .
How much in total ?
Hi , do you know what ' s for dinner ? I ' m starving .
May I ask your birth date ?
I can show you where they are .
It was a rather big mistake . When you work as an investment adviser , one small mistake can cost the company millions .
Well , it's because in most countries liquor has a higher tax on it .
You wouldn't ! If you leave , you'll make nothing .
I guess so . It was very terrible when she was at the onset of the illness . I am worried that I would lose her .
Hi , Rita , I ' m just looking for a pair of shoes . I won ' t be here for long .
Well , that ' s good . If you lose your job , you can just move in with me until you find another job . That will save you plenty of money .
did you end up losing any of your work ?
Kindergarten students usually only go to school for about four hours every day , but after that , they spend about eight hours in school every day .
I've done it for you .
Well , in that case , we can take you hang gliding with one of our experienced instructors . It ' s the closest you can get to flying .
I have a meeting this afternoon .
I can read the subtitles . My set is a huge-screen one .
I can't even imagine you snorkeling !
Thank you . Would you please let me know when we get to the stop ? I'm a stranger here .
Driver , 1600 Pennsylvania Ave . , please .
Yep . And it breathes , see !
Not really , do you ?
How happy you are ! Next Monday is your wedding day . Congratulations !
Hi , could I speak to Nancy please ?
to be honest , no . I'm always in search of new music to listen to .
Please , give me one more chance . I'll never let it happen again . I'm very sorry .
He is a nice guy and very considerate . I was impressed with how smart he was and he has a great sense of humor .
yes , I adore simple fashions . How does it look on me ?
I see . I'll try .
Actually , you do owe some fees .
I can help you with that . Do you still have your receipt ?
Why don't you go to bed and get up early ? You'll have the same time for work .
They have yellowish red skin . It's a fruit with one big seed .
Just come back when you have your ID with you .
I really don't think this weather will last .
I have a fifteen-day vacation and I want to have a trip to England . Is there any route that fits me well ?
Well , all right . There are four points you should keep in mind when you file documents , information and other things .
He ' s really good looking , he ' s quite tall , around 6 ' 1 " , he ' s in his early thirties , and he ' s got the most beautiful dark brown eyes ...
is there anything else bothering you ?
Oh , can't you do it tomorrow ? It's already past 10 .
ok , you're right . I'll just tell them how round I am of you for getting a promotion and then I'll thank Sue for her kind letter .
No problem . Did you bring any gifts back for your department ?
No , our check-out time will still be 8: 30 tomorrow .
Where are you going now ?
I would like to file a complaint .
Yes , it changed .
But we don't know the telephone number .
No kidding ! Didn't you study for it ?
Yes , how much is it ?
Which song ?
I am trying to call home .
I like what I see .
You need to get off on the corner of Del Mar and Hill .
How do we get to the library from here ?
Well , as you know , on November 11th the allies signed a peace treaty with the Germans , also known as the Armistice Treaty . This marked the end of WWI and many countries around the world commemorate this date under names such as Remembers ' Day . In Poland it ' s their independence day ! There ' s a lot going on around the world on this day .
I don't think so . All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now .
I'd better take the six thirty . It takes quite a while to get to the airport .
Mary's is handling it .
What made you decide to change your job ?
What do you think about her as a boss ?
I have to get off the phone now .
How long will I take it to get there ?
It doesn't seem quite interesting . Would you change the channel ?
Sure . It's undoubtedly one of the biggest classical music events . Have you ever been to the live show ?
Super . How long will I have to sit under the Hot Cap ?
Each night costs 320 RIB , but for a four night stay , we can offer a discount of 15 % .
Yes , I have my own car .
Yeah . You can say that again . It ' s noisy too .
Here's your key , sir . If you need anything , just dial 0 on your room phone .
I prefer the linen one .
For example , I have mastered Business English very well , and I also know a little Spanish .
You can just go to work after you vote .
That's true . In summer , the first place people want to go is a spacious room with air-conditioning or a quiet river or swimming pool .
How do you celebrate it ?
I'd like to order broadband internet for my laptop .
I don't know exactly , but it costs a lot of money .
I'm dead serious about this , Sally .
What did you enjoy the most ?
Wait for a moment . Mr . Bush . this is your bill , please sign your name here
They must . Let me look at that . Here it is . Cortex . It's on the second floor , next to the Roll booth .
Oh , you read ? Very good . Then , I think we should do something different today . I'll give you some privilege .
We're catching most of our fish with lures .
Who knows ! That might come to later .
How does that fit , sir ?
What interests you in that type of music ?
I heard they used ultraviolet lamp to kill pests .
Ok . I will bring it with me .
Because there is a coupon for almost every product , we always bring coupons on our shopping trips .
Mmm . OK . Well , why don ' t you tell me a little bit more about what you would like ? We have everything from mountain biking , to rock climbing to street luge .
I see
Here ' s your key . Check out time is 12 noon . If you want to stay until 6 p . m . , it ' s another half day . After that you have to pay for another night .
Really ? That ' s marvelous !
May I know the reason , madam ?
Did she tell you whether you would get the job ?
That ' s all right .
Well , when you tell him , be gentle . It's hard for kids to find out something like that .
I certainly do .
And I can experience another kind of life style .
it looks like it should be here in just a few minutes .
Well , I know you are interested in architecture , so you should't miss the Temple of Heaven , and the Great wall is a must too .
Does it cost money ?
Sorry , I don't quite understand some difficult points in this unit . I wonder if you could help us to solve the problems .
Nothing , how about you ?
What is your father doing now ?
Those are for pay-per-view movies . Each time you selected a movie , the entertainment system prompted you to confirm that you really wanted it , right ?
Quite good . It was the most wonderful dinner I have ever had .
I had mine when I was 24 . that ' s a little young . I ' d suggest you wait until you are in your late twenties . , or even in your early thirties if you have a good career .
Why not ? Let's draw the outline of an apple with your pencil first .
We have a rather comprehensive subway system here . You can get almost anywhere rather quickly on a subway , especially at this time of day when the traffic is heavy .
Can you tell me the time ? I've got an appointment at 8: 30 .
Well , they sent me their prospectus , so I can start looking now . do you want to help me decide which classed to take ?
I hope they ' re not too hard !
Hurry up ! Time is money !
That's right . The number forty-four doesn't stop here any more . It's stop is round the corner .
Actually , it is a policy in my company . The human resources management department has connections overseas this year , so we can receive training there .
Yeah , time is money . We really need to make good use of it .
Do you know how many you need ?
R-I-N ?
I want to ride a camel and definitely see the pyramids !
That ' s a good idea . You should do the same with some music . You might find something you like . Classical music might make you clever , but dance might make you livelier and happier .
I want to look at nelson Mandela ' s autobiography .
Yes , that ' s all right . Thank you very much .
How did your previous employers treat you ?
That's it .
Show me the fastest way to get there .
That ' s not a very good pick . I ' m against the Yankees .
It's seriously affecting my life ! I can't sleep , I don't have much of an appetite and my husband says I've been kind of short tempered . Other people seem to handle stress okay ... why am I so weak ?
Let me know with your next dance . I know a band that may give you a break for the publicity .
Fine , too , thanks . We met one year ago . We both took part in a party held by our company last year .
When do you want to have the open house party ?
But you have a Master's degree ... hasn't that helped your career ?
Well , China is located on the Eurasia plate , where earthquakes happen frequently due to the earth's plates knocking against each other .
This is the last of the milk .
No , I haven't . I've tried hard to remember and I'm quite sure I've memorized the rhythm correctly .
You know how hard I try to quit , I've lost without you . I am mot let you go .
Sure thing . So , where are you flying in from ?
Take two tablets every six hours .
That ' s fine ! Don ' t worry about it !
How can you tell the difference ? From what I see , they look almost the same .
I wonder what it ' s going to be like tomorrow .
I would like to know is it a direct flight to Dubai ?
OK , here you go .
I'm leaving for Shanghai tomorrow morning . When do I have to settle my bill ?
really ? Do you often shop online ?
That would be great ! I hate working with computers !
On second thought , I will have a cup .
What was your chief responsibility in your past work ?
You ' re kidding . It can ' t be true .
How many do you want to buy ?
Too bad man , tonight is Tracy ' s going away party and she asked if you were gonna go .
That ' s reasonable .
I don't know what to tell you .
Now , she ' ll be able to save up for that holiday in the united states .
Oh , let me think ... Maybe two months later .
Let's go see pandas ! The news said that two pandas arrived at the zoo last week .
I'm a quick learner , Mr . Jenkins .
I hate to see the abuse of animals .
You have to tell them if you were too sick to work on any of the days that you should have been looking for work .
Ever since I brought home some bad grades in elementary school , they never expected much .
Yes , it ' s brand-new .
Have a great day , take care , bye .
No , not at all . It looks really classy on you . Where did you pick that up ?
That's very good . But I have little knowledge about the packing of your pliers . I just want to know the details about that .
Okay , what should I do ?
Really ? How can he be so sure about the timing ?
Not for me . It is already late . I can not fall asleep after drinking coffee this late .
It is a good habit to set your cell phone to vibrate . It is very annoying to hear the loud and sudden ring tone in quiet offices .
Really !
What is the completion date ?
I have been looking at this online catalog for over an hour and I still haven ' t finished getting all the kitchen appliances that we need !
I love dogs . They have been used as guards for centuries . Nowadays , they are often used to find illegal drugs and bombs by the police and customs officers .
Yes . These hobbies have indeed enriched my life
Could you tell me which kind of payment you'll choose ?
Actually , I was watching your auction all along . I saw you drop out at $ 250 .
( After trying ) Mm , a perfect fit . How much ?
How about having dinner with me ?
Alright , the puck is back in play now . Pavel Bure is on a breakaway ! He is flying down the ice ! The defenders can ' t keep up ! Slap shot ! He scores
that was a great party . Thanks for saying behind to help me clear up .
The food there is a great step up from Sons .
Have you got some ID and your cash card ?
Stop worrying , Mary . You'll do just fine .
Healthy eating is not about depriving oneself of the foods one loves . So we are free to have whatever foods we love . It is unbelievable .
Italian , please .
It ' s going to come together just fine . Trust me !
The bus is turning right to Buckingham Gate . And now we are joining Victoria Street .
Let's see . We spent 700 dollars for our home loan payment , 400 on groceries , 75 on utilities , 250 on gasoline , 100 on books and 300 on entertainment last month .
What kind of books does she like ?
What did the young man look like ?
How long has this been happening ?
OK . I'd like to book a ticket for this one .
You look very professional in the suit .
Okay , it sounds good .
Margaret really told me off when she found out that I had forgotten all about it . We did try to phone you , but you and Jane must have gone out .
Very sorry that I have caused you so much trouble .
I am sorry , sir . We will send our staff right now .
Ah , you changed so fast .
Very well . This arrangement here is very popular among regretful husbands and boyfriends . It has a dozen long stem red roses with a couple of sunflowers and a single orchid that stands out . It includes a small teddy bear to achieve the effect of immediate forgiveness .
Well , the government offers its employees excellent health insurance benefits .
True-well , do you have any forwards for me to send him ?
I got robbed !
I'm going to the park to play baseball with the guys .
Do you have anything published ?
It ' s not far . Go straight on then turn right at the end of the road .
Because your travel agency has a good fame in this market ; what's more , all the staff here are working very hard . I like doing some challenging job .
Can you help me ? You know I do need the scholarship .
Thank you . It's our first date . I hope it's not too offensive .
I think I can do a lot of good for our country .
If you can ' t afford $ 1050 , then we have no deal .
I see . You must be tough .
What about the expression " goodbye " ? Is that an idiom ?
Don't worry . You don't have to do anything . All you have to do is listen . You will enjoy it .
What color is your new dress ?
You need to fill out a special form to apply for unemployment benefits .
I am glad to meet you , Mr . Joey .
Hello , Mrs Turnbull . How are you ?
Yes , it's pretty bright in there and big enough for our children to play .
Well , we give each of our customers a qualified personal trainer . The trainer will give you a fitness assessment and then come up with the work-out plan .
Nice to see you again .
Really ? I remember she said if she would remain single . Is the man very rich ?
Thank you , Mr . Smith . I'm returning to China today .
It's $ 32 . 00 .
Well , it won't if there no line at the pump .
Actually , the company will provide you with all of these supplies . So , you can leave this very thick notebook at home .
Do you know where they will go on their honeymoon ?
My little brother likes to play with him . He even gives him a bath every week .
Let me see ... Sorry , sir . We are fully booked tonight . Would you mind making a reservation some other time ?
Well , thank you , but it's not all that hard to do , you know . I've been calling your office and sending you proposals for about two years now , and you've never responded before .
What's this for ?
I have a suit that needs cleaning .
She might do well . Everyone seems to like her .
On Saturday night I ' m going to have a small get-together .
Look , Forest Gump is on at six thirty .
Oh , cheer up . A boyfriend is not everything .
Maybe we should try a thai massage too .
Are there any seats left for Saturday night ?
Why am I being arrested ?
Thanks . Now let's decide which one of these suits looks best for this occasion .
What's the difference in price ?
Certainly . There are several kinds of music . What do you like to listen to ?
Name it and I'll do it for you .
To tell you the truth , the dog isn't my real reason for coming . I want to ask Alice if she'd like to be my girlfriend .
Yes , I've just come from the States , yesterday in fact . I'm still a bit confused about the time .
Yes , it was . I managed to sort out the problem , but I was tied up with the matter for over an hour .
How long have you been on your current job ?
Let's see . How about a nice shirt and tie ? You can't go wrong there .
I don't think you'll be disappointed . People really seem to like the swim stations .
true , learning how to haggle the price is one of the things people have to pick up when they come to China for the first time .
Would you like to have a drink ?
Yes , definitely .
Our house special is our Cuervo Gold margarita .
I've been pretty busy myself .
There is a fire in your building . You need to evacuate immediately .
Hold on , before you kick your car let ' s go through some possible problems .
Thanks , I'll see you around Wednesday then .
what about his hair ?
Yes . Do you intend to order a Lacarne or will you be having our seafood buffet ?
When will you graduate from that university ?
I hear you and James are engaged at last .
I do . I ' m a big fan of using new technology , but I don ' t want to sit in front of a computer screen all day . I think people need to get out and interact with other people .
In the market . Any problem ?
That's only part of it . I absolutely adore this director . Every play he works on turns out great .
Would you come down to the station for further questioning ?
It ' s quiet and clean . I love the color scheme .
Certainly . Let's put the suitcase in the boot .
What is the cost of the tour ?
Sure . Now you are talking .
He must be very easy-going .
Yes . I do one set of shadow-boxing every morning after I get up .
Yes , I'm missing a sweater . I sent it in the laundry yesterday , but my laundry was returned without it .
Here's a list with a few things that I need you to get .
They said that they did . I've been so busy ...
Not really . Very few people get married beforethe age of 20 .
All right . Anything else ?
It was hardly all night . And I recall it was you doing all the laughing at your own jokes .
Uh-oh . I'm in trouble .
I'm really curious . What is it like doing housework all day for a living ?
How long have you been there ?
Don't tease me ! Good food is really important to Chinese !
I'm always at your service , sir . By the way , did you have a pleasant trip ?
The account is a compound savings account , which is in RIB and Forex .
Yes , I'm looking for a new winter coat .
How long were you in the chair ?
That's interesting . Could you give any reasons for your choice ? Can you explainwhy do you put medicine first ?
I'm ready ! Whoa , what a hard throw ! I can't get that !
Good evening , Mr . Frank . Bourbon on the rocks ?
Yeah , they said they ' re reviving the old tradition .
The small one , just down the street . I like their generic brand .
You were right ! He didn ' t make the shot !
Would you please ask when he will be free ?
Usually we have a month off .
Oh . I'm sorry . But is this 321-9987 ?
In most schools , they study about nine subjects .
Are you sure ? Then , I will have more beer , please .
Yes , it was really stupid .
Yes , it is really hard . But you must believe that you will find a suitable job finally . When you work , you can accumulate a lot of experience . Besides , you need to learn a lot of things while you are working .
I've enjoyed the conversation with you . We'll call you within 5 working days .
I don ' t know . But he must be a big shot .
Marvelous idea ?
Very well . We started organizing everything early to avoid a last minute rush to get things done .
An mp4 player ? why don't you buy a new cell phone ? You can find an mp4 player inside any of the latest cell phones . mp4 ?
Yes , I packed it myself .
Then why don't you try the Chef's Steak Special ?
are you planning on studying abroad ?
Let me see . Yeah , all right . I ' ll be over about two .
Are you studying any languages here ?
we're already late , so I think we had better take a taxi .
You'd better tell your sister what happened and face the music .
Well , I am really passionate about consumer behavior , so I pursued a master ' s in that area . I also strive to keep my professional skills current , so I continuously attend seminars and conferences related management and customer service .
Sure . The exhibits on display were really fascinating .
I've never tried traditional Greek yogurt , so I want to try that first .
What research ?
Just imagine , if a horse can fly , if a bird can swim ... and things like that .
About 800 yuan .
Really ? When did that happen ?
Can I have a look as well ?
Let me go to school , please ! I'm sick of medicine , sick of soup , and sick of being sick !
Come in , please .
What kind do you want to open ?
Boots
No , but we went to the Kennedy Center .
Oh , It's really far from here . May I ask how old you are ?
Here we are . How does it fit ?
Four . They are production department , finance department , sales and marketing department and HR department . I directly report to Mr . White . He is on a business trip and is suppose to be back this morning . Probably you will be meeting him at lunch .
How much money are you trying to raise ?
Well , a 15 - inch Pro is $ 2,100 .
Oh , do you like Chinese ?
I hear Yolanda has been studying every night this week for the exam .
What kind of qualities do you look for in a friend ?
I am afraid your diamond bracelet has gone , darling !
that'd be great . What kind of camera do you have ?
Certainly . Oh , you have a message here .
Do you know where I can park ?
I ... I ... I miss my parents , also they miss me .
The view is breath-taking .
Do you like this one ?
Let me have a look . It's mine . I have been looking for it , but just cannot find it . It's present from my father .
Oh , let's come in and enjoy yourself .
How many times have you been here ?
They're small fry . Tonight I'm going to LA to negotiate with Stars . com . That'll be big .
Yeah , most of them have arrived . Don't worry . There are still 20 minutes left before the match .
Four nights , from October 15th .
Shone . And one of my friends ' name is Jessie .
Yes . take the oil industry for instance . you know there are twenty oil resources in China . you can see many chemical products in the exhibition . such as chemical fabrics as I dress .
Miss , I'm very sorry for the delay , please enjoy this . Free a glass of wine for inconvenience . Again I'm terribly sorry to make you wait so long .
My dear , tomorrow is our wedding anniversary . We've been together for 20 years . But you never change . Always so careless ! Do you remember the thing that happened on our wedding day ?
Are you saying we don ' t have time to watch our favorite show tonight ? Jane , you know I really don ' t like our teacher all that much . He gives far too much homework . He criticizes me in front of everyone all the time .
Yes , what kind do you have ?
That's great ! Can you give me the key to the locker ? I can't wait to have a try .
When I have a specific project to complete , I like to know the specifics of a project from beginning to end . I like definite deadlines and I like to meet those deadlines . I expect some deviation from the original plan , but I try to stay focused and not let myself drift too far . I have great attention to detail and like to take my time and do it right the first time .
We have a requisition form on the company web site . What type of supplies do you need ?
Not at all . See you .
Oh , it was okay . I had my meeting with Mitch this morning and his bottom line is that he thinks I need to show more initiative . He thinks that I need to start being more creative .
Could you drive me to the bank ?
Great . Sweet wines are my favorite . They always make a great finish to a decisions meal .
One way trip or round trip ?
Sorry to hear that . I think it's even better than On the Golden pond .
They must have some special methods to do this during the process .
Oh , yeah , let's try to find some jobs .
They don ' t pay a lot , do they ?
Mm , let me see . I think there are 2 in the bedroom , and 1 each in the living room and kitchen .
Yeah , at least when we are children , we have not so much homework to do .
Two waves ?
we've heard so much about Chinese film stars divorcing foreigners .
I highly doubt it . Your girlfriend is Chinese .
Thanks . Which kind of medicine do you prefer , western medicine or traditional Chinese medicine ?
Ok . How many do you suggest ?
I'm not sure of what packages you offer .
Hello , could I speak to the export manager , please ?
Yeah , she is a neck-off for sure .
I would like to pay by cash . Do I need to pay a deposit ?
Don't move from time to time . It is very impolite and will make you nervous .
That is truly amazing !
Is everything under control ?
Frank , I want your advice on something . Some scientists I met at the conference 6 this afternoon have invited me to a party . Actually , they called it an informal get-together .
Not at all . The feedback from audience has been great . I care about what they think more than what the critics think .
I'am absolutely sure I'm right .
You can buy them hard . Wait a few days for them to develop a soft feel .
Oh , really ? That is great news . What does he look like ?
Would you please make a list for me ?
Everybody who walks past me sees it . Besides , it's a good sunbathing suit .
And good shot !
May I have a book ?
Thank you for your application , Mr . Sweeney . Mr . Jacobs would like to set up an interview for early next week . Do you have time ?
Hello , I have a reservation for a double .
I ' Ve got a few classical music CD ' s . I should follow your lead and increase my brian power .
I don't understand some things .
That is my work , i will try it .
Yes , I do feel the same way about France . The swift rivers , the fertile valleys , the large cities-its scenery is beautiful . Will you describe the geography of Japan ?
The same question to you .
I think I can get by with 2,000 .
Politics can be an expensive hobby .
I went all over the world . It was the best year of my life . Where did you go to school ?
Guess again , Dave . I have no intention of leaving invoking . Never did .
Okay , sir , but don't think too long . Your checkout is only 30 minutes away .
Oh , it's so quiet here . We have the park to ourselves , only you and me !
I wasn't happy with it .
Sir , our storage facility is merely $ 5 an hour . You also need to leave a deposit .
The Bulls , of course !
My parents are always saying I am not good enough .
I believe such things won ' t be realized , just daydreaming .
So , we could try that restaurant that was recommended in the guidebook . Then we could go to a club . We haven ' t been to one for ages .
Oh no ! Mike ' s birthday is a drinkfest for sure !
Stand back from the door , please . There're plenty of seats in the rear .
I want a job in which I can use English , I would also like to be able to have some responsibility in my work .
What did you think of the movie ?
This looks like a nice restaurant .
Lousy weather , isn't it ?
I'm sorry we don't ship overseas . It's too much trouble .
Of course . We can give you a call anytime you like .
I think my car can run much faster than yours .
Are you looking for somewhere for two people ?
Oh , I thought there were going to be eight . who isn't coming ?
So you should bring an umbrella often .
That's all , thank you .
I wish to make it clear at the outset that this matter of labels is entirely our problem .
Yeah , that's it .
I apologize , sir . Just a second , while I transfer you to my supervisor .
Good , then let ' s get to the interview .
Ok . Let ' s go !
You know John ?
Really ? Ugh ... Is there any difference ?
You can't be serious . How dare you not tell me you are going to marry her ?
Then we will come here for lunch tomorrow .
Who cares ? It's just online . It's not real . Do you want to join me tonight ?
Don't worry . I'll let you know when we get there .
Good bye !
Tomorrow , I ' ll cut the grass . Then the garden will lock perfect .
Not long actually . So I'm sure I will learn a lot from our cooperation .
160 yuan .
Hey , Maris , are you a part-timer ?
Hey , Ben ... did you catch the game last night ?
Yes , stay in touch . Bye !
Brothers ? Do you know why they quarreled ?
My telephone number is 4837625 .
But two players of the team have been booked and one is out .
Great . I'll get our plan started right away .
Oh where was that ?
It's an old superstition . If we have thirteen people at the table , then it means bad luck . Can Andy bring a date ?
Maybe you haven't found the magic .
Yes ! How do you know that ?
I'd like to .
I don't blame you for getting some rest .
Well , then , you need an introduction . The school drama club is putting on a musical production . How about going together ?
And what did you do after that ?
Come on mom . I'm your A ! Wait till the guys hear about this !
You're leaving so soon ? I wish you stayed a little longer .
Of course . This product moisturizes at the same time .
Did you see the letter I got from Bradford Films ? They sent it in response to your phone call last week .
Definitely pre-med . What about you ?
You can always go to work late .
Well , the climate's different for a start . It doesn't rain so much as it does in England . The sun shines more often .
Helen , you must be excited at going to America to study .
Can I do that right now ?
Why do you like this computer ?
Actually , I ' d forgotten about it .
What if we are out sick ?
You look pale recently .
Okay . BBS , an online service , offers a wide variety of online games , files , one-on-one chat , message areas , private mail , and participate forums .
I am so excited !
Are you free tonight ?
Well , I am not going to flog a dead horse . Let get down to our brass tasks and tidy these things up .
Thank you . How much do I owe you ?
I see . But can I understand the instructions ? I'm a foreigner , you know .
How do you want it , sir ?
OK , This one is one hundred and twenty . It ' s the cheapest here .
Just a club soda for me , please .
Good idea ! I've always been interested in that . How much is the entrance fee ?
That ' s fine .
Thank you . I appreciate the time you've given to me .
I ' m glad to have the opportunity of visiting your corporation . I hope to conclude some substantial business with you .
Ok . See you later .
I guess that ' s out . Why don ' t we go shopping ?
Just keep track of everything and get it all back where you took it from by Sunday evening .
OK . I will take it as well . How much in all ?
Well , going to a cinema , visiting the galleries , exhibitions and museums , finding and meeting old friends , exercising in the health club or mountain biking . There are so many good choices .
Hello ! Is Mr . Green there ?
Good morning . Craftsman Company . Can I help you ?
I need to stand behind this shield . Now you will take a deep breath , hold it , and let it out .
Thanks for letting me know , home-girl .
Oh , it's Jack . Excuse me .
Hey , don't shout . Come here ! Sit closer . Now , Jim , we ' Ve had a lovely day . Don't spoil it now .
Yes , but it ' s not free , you have to pay .
Certainly not . Here it is .
Is there any extra income that you receive other than salary ?
I don't dare ask Jane for a date .
Let's see . That would be  160 a day a mile .
About fourteen .
That ' ll help you make more money .
Caesar salads are pretty good .
Yes . I'd like to visit France . I'd like to travel all over the world . As you describe it , France seems to be very much like Japan . I would like to see it for myself .
Sure , I'd love to .
Certainly . What's your topic ?
I guess you see the value in it , too .
Yes , it can make people feel as if they were in the land of fairies .
We have reduced emission of air pollutants in recent years , but cars are still a major source of them . Factories have become cleaner as stricter environment pollution laws have been introduced .
What a shame . Why didn't you take a sleeping pill ?
I was fooled once . A lady told me she needed some money to keep the pot boiling . So I gave her some money and bailed her out of the situation . But later I learned that she had lied to me .
Yes , absolutely ! We have a very good reputation in the neighborhood .
Have you ever tried doing relaxation exercises before you go to bed ?
Great . Well , we ' ll have to think about it , but the place looks great .
I have a driver's licence , a membership card and my passport . Will they do ?
Then I'll just shut up and sit down !
He followed me all the way home !
I stole many from Fred's farm , and from yours . I planned to have a dog on farm .
Quite delicious , especially the pepper steak .
Could you please fill out this form ?
OK . Wait a minute , please . And the sugar is right over there .
Will you come with me and help me choose ?
Just do whatever you feel like doing .
OK . I've set it up for you .
Yes . I was chosen as one of ' the Top Ten Prominent Youths of Beijing ' in 2002 .
I'm glad we came here . This is really delicious !
Oh , I forgot .
yes . He said I'm his dream girl .
Thank you . I'll work hard .
Do you know where Dawanglu is ?
But I'm afraid it'll take up too much of my time .
Let me think ! Pills for carsick , traditional medicine for cold , some painkillers and something like that .
We'd like to look around the town . Can you tell me the best sightseeing route to take ?
Can we talk ?
I wanted to buy a beautiful wool sweater for my girlfriend . It was priced at forty dollars , so I started by offering the salesclerk thirty .
Is Betty Sue in her office ?
Studying in the university is not easy , but it's not as arduous as you think .
Perhaps you didn't know that we have new room rates . Do you find that acceptable , sir ?
Oh man ! I ' Ve been starving myself for days now and I haven ' t lost an ounce !
What would you have for a la cane ?
These are new arrivals .
I took this course last semester too . Now I am taking it again !
I'm phoning about the job that was in the paper last night .
Welcome to Galant . How can I help you ?
Okay , let's both look for it now .
Thanks a lot . It ' s very kind of you .
I think she has her ears pierced and she definitely has a few tattoos , one on her lower back , one on her neck , and one on her left foot .
How far is that ?
Don't worry about that , I am sure they will understand . After all , it was a very difficult exam .
do you think advertising has an influence on the choices you make when you're shopping ?
I was thinking about applying for the new position .
You are kidding ! He just broke up with Ann .
What do you think of the literature course .
From Zhongshan Circus to City Bank .
Special rules ?
What's the cause ?
My goodness ! What happened ? You have blood on your face .
My poor memory . Thank you very much .
Don't worry . In fact , it is very easy to find what you want . Can you see the sign on top of every shelf . It clearly tells you what things are displayed on every shelf .
What can I do for you , sir ?
Who was your vote for President ?
I have a couple of guest passes . You want to check out my health club ?
Oh yes , he is . When he was a puppy , he liked to chew my father's shoes , but he's okay now .
Are you OK there ?
That's right . Now try on this one . It's size 41 .
No , I don't . I get a bonus each month , depending on the value of the contracts I sign with clients .
Yes . She lives on the next block .
I'm on time today
Right Rebecca . Now I see that after graduating from University your first job was ...
It's been nice talking to you .
Are you coughing much ?
Good , that's all then .
Oh , there is no comparison . Now we are talking but ugly .
Insurance against old age , medical problems , unemployment will be paid by both the company and you , and the others by the company .
Yes . So am I . But what will he do after graduation ? He really needs to go to college .
You too .
To conserve electricity , the stations operate only from 7a . m . till 10 .
Coco Lee .
You ' re so lucky ! Do you have to do many things before you leave ?
I'm twenty-seven .
I ' m looking for a sweater for my wife . Tomorrow is her birthday . And I know she needs a woolen sweater .
Wow , you are so lucky . I saw that one on TV . But it must be so different to be there in the concert hall .
No , honey , try to make notes in your notebook .
What ' s your general price range ?
Is that all there is to it ?
I know of a restaurant . I'm sure you'll like it .
Of house , what's the matter ?
This is tough to say , Jordan , but I think we should break up .
What does he do there ?
No thanks . I have had enough .
Hi , is this the Resume Writing Workshop ?
Of course ... here you are . I'm sorry the pajamas didn't work out for you .
I start next Monday .
Ok , whatever . See , I'm putting it in the garbage can .
Slacker and those who violate working principles .
He's a member of the National Basketball Association .
And can you get a seat ?
I want to climb Tasha Mountain this summer vacation . Would you be my guide ?
Just send in the warranty card with a copy of your receipt .
Yeah , especially since it's ninety degrees outside .
Have you gotten a parking ticket before ?
This " Cream of Olives " is our bestseller for combination skin . You can try it on your hand .
That's true . You can hear my tummy grumbling . I am really hungry !
I ' ll be away for a moment .
Yes , how are you doing ?
Ok , I have the number . Bye !
Hello , towing service . What ' s your problem ?
You don ' t look so good .
Where do they sell both at ?
Could you tell me the right time , please ?
Good , because my friend Wendy is getting married and I ' m organizing her party !
We know you have done a good job in building up these exports for us . However , our company has the regulation for the agency .
First class or coach ?
Let's go in .
That ' s right , and it looks like we ' re just about ready to start the match . The ref is calling the players for the face-off ... and here we go ! The Russians win possession and immediately set up their attack ! Federal gets checked hard into the boards !
It's an ugly day today .
How ?
The trash is full .
OK . I'll go then .
That sucks . Did you want the assignments from English class ?
How would you do that ?
That would be great ! Thanks a lot !
I'm sure you did .
Do you like biscuits ?
please don't be so fussy ! I didn't just meet him yesterday .
I am a little worried about my host family . You know , in the agreement , I have to do some cooking for them .
Well , go home and rest in bed for two days , then you'll feel better .
I want to buy a hat .
What's your favorite magazine ?
I think so . I ' Ve got the shopping list , so let ' s go .
I hope I don ' t ever see you back in here .
There was a coffee shop by my house when I was a kid that served cinnamon hot chocolate .
Oh , poor you . You know what ? I found a new way to learn Chinese and it works very well .
That's the whole point . All your inhibitions disappear because you can ' t see the other person . This network allows you to talk to people whom you normally wouldn ' t talk to .
What should I do in the fair ?
I'm Chen Liang .
Good morning , I ' m Daniel . I ' m applying for the positon of manager .
Very well . You know , we have definite ways of packaging garments . As to blouses , we use a polythene wrapper for each article , all ready for window display .
Are you used to the climate here ?
Thank you for seeing me . Did you look over my letter and resume ?
Rice , egg , beef and vegetables .
Hello ! Mr . Wang . this is Smith .
Did it hurt ?
yeah . Maybe we can change to another channel . what about the sports channel ? Let's see if there's a game on .
Well , you certainly match those criteria , but they ' re so broad they could apply to anyone . What does it say about me ?
Well , the first settlers of Massachusetts arrived there because of religious persecution from England and King James . Once in the New World , they befriended an native named Squanto , who taught them how to harvest food from the area such as corn .
No Let's go to an ice cream parlor ! They have way more flavors to choose from there . I feel like having something special like Neapolitan ice cream .
Can you tell me the postal code for this building ?
Look at my nice blue shirt , there ' s a big hole in it .
Oh , I love him too . He not only sings well but shows perseverance when he encounters difficulties in the contest .
Well , you can always bring it back to us for a full refund .
Don ' t worry . She is much better now . But you are not permitted to disturb her at the moment .
Now have a look , please . Is it all right ?
that ' s a good idea . You ' re very decisive , I ' Ve noticed . So , which bar are we going to this evening ?
Hey , I'll go with you .
Do we get a day off from school then ?
Thanks a billion .
No . I borrowed it to go shopping .
Not really . I'm telling the truth .
There is a large canyon , vast grasslands , ancient forests and mountain lakes .
Mmm , how much is it ?
I don't know what to say . This can't be happening . Here's the obituary .
I really love this kind of atmosphere .
Would you mind me keeping it for another three days ?
No , thank you . That will be all for now .
Yes , sir . Most of us had positive review in last quarter . Take Fred and David for examples . Both of them try their best to achieve the best . Their progress is distinct , especially in last quarter .
I didn ' t get accepted .
Let me help you .
Have you started planning your christmas vacation yet ?
Put the eye-drop into your right eye 4 - - 6 times a day , 1 - - 2 drops each time . Squeeze a bit of the ointment on your eyelid every night .
May , my grandpa is ill . I will go to look after him . Catch you later !
No kidding . Time is running out .
True , learning how to haggle the price is one of the things people have to pick up when they come to China for the first time .
Is it washable ?
Hello , I ' m the landlord . John Taylor .
I ' d like you to have a look at the safety manual of our company .
Good morning madam . What can I get you ?
Yes . It says it will be sunny all day . No sign of rain at all .
Is it really that simple ? It doesn't seem very efficient to run things that way ...
Well , this apartment is really a must-see . Will you come with me to look at it this weekend ?
Number 7 and 9 of the Row 11 in the stalls , aren't they ?
The city is small , not very modern , but there are many mountains with lots of trees around the city , so the air there is pretty fresh .
Nothing is to your satisfaction .
Cool camera . What are its features ?
Excuse me , doc . I am not feeling well . Can you help me ?
Yes , I have . They do an excellent job .
I think it's just a crush . You can't be serious .
So what do you do with all the out-dated issues ?
You see , there is a run at the neck .
But you still look a little bit tired . What time did you leave ?
When can we expect you and your daughter for dinner ? Next Saturday ?
You are from Japan , aren't you ?
I will take part in the finals soon .
And the downstairs neighbors ?
Eu-char-ist ? What is that ?
Yes , I would like to check in .
Dad and Mom ?
She likes to golf , dance and eat foreign food .
Thank you very much . I'm looking forward to your call .
I was wondering if you like to go to the theatre then .
Yes , it is much earlier than past years .
No , thank you . I can ' t .
And he was so young , with so much life to look forward to .
Are utilities included in the rent ?
Mr . Smith . could you give me your quotation for your bicycle A5 , FOB Qingdao ?
That's fine . Could you give me some more napkins , too ?
Me too ! I was lost three times ten years ago . There were no English directions then .
He doesn't mind . As a matter of fact , he's very pleased .
John , did you have a dream when you was a little boy ?
I'm terribly sorry I can't go with you . Shall we find some other time ?
I didn ' t see anything out of the ordinary , but I want you to log onto our website for a printout of all of the details .
One moment , please . I have to check if there are room available . I ' m sorry ladies . We have only two double room available , but they are on different floors . Would you mind that ?
What time does the seven fifty-nine get to London ?
I agree , but I would find it difficult to stop using my car . It's just so convenient .
Right at the bridge ?
OK . Let me help you to hold the drink .
No . Have a seat .
Thanks . I'd love to . What time is the show ?
Perhaps it ' s in your other pocket .
Give me your address .
Don ' t be angry with them . After all , they are still children .
I've heard the weather here is ideal , just like spring most of the year .
How will I know how much I can collect on unemployment ?
Thank goodness we're not rich and famous !
I watered all the plants .
What kind of car ?
Yes , sir . I'll ring her on an inside line if you like .
Well , the cigarettes and the champagne are not in excess of the duty-free allowance . But according to our law , each passenger is allowed only one camera duty-free . You ' ll have to pay duty for the other one .
Ok . How about give me a ring , then ?
There , ... we're about done .
But it is ! Take this morning for example . The subway was so packed this morning , I got totally squished by about a hundred busy commuters on the way to work .
Yes , that ' s true . Your son is doing well at school , isn ' t he ?
He got the money and tried to leave .
It's going to be shown to the Board so I need it in writing . Make all the prices subject to confirmation so you can't be held to them . How soon can I have it ?
I've brought some potato chips . Would you like some , Jack ?
Black , of course .
Nice to meet you , too . Let me show you around .
Oh , here's a little token of my affection .
Definitely . I really like Italian food .
yes , we do . They're on the wall behind you .
It's a good idea .
I have thought about it for a while . I think it ' s time to move on for both of us .
Well , If you can wait until tomorrow , we will put you up in a hotel for today and you can take scheduled flight for tomorrow morning .
Nice to meet you too .
To be honest , I was just dumped .
He is so kind . I couldn ' t believe he murdered his wife .
Well , step two is grinding the coffee beans . I've roasted three different types of beans .
A truck turned over on the freeway .
Right . So in some way we are happier .
That's great . But can't you make the rent cheaper , Let's see , 12,000 yuan ?
good luck !
I thought all cars needed regular servicing on a yearly basis .
A little over 3 years .
Yeah . How about " Happy Birthday Tony , from the gang . "
It doesn't matter , because you damaged my car .
He kept trying to make stupid excuses , and then broke down and admitted to a small indiscretion .
You don ' t have plans to end up back here , do you ?
No , I don't . I've never had a bad one before .
No , no . My playing isn't good enough for me to perform in public .
I ' m afraid not . My favorite is boots-running . I don ' t care about games .
I found an apartment to rent .
Tomorrow I have an appointment with my dentist . What about next Monday ?
Confiscate ?
I'll tell him . Thanks for asking about him .
15 years .
I do not care the brand as long as it works well .
Great idea ! Here we go !
Next week , so I thought it was better to get this all sorted out as soon as possible .
Oh , that's very nice of you . I don't want to sound pushy , but I still l have one more question .
Could we have the bill , please ?
If I have high blood pressure , it is news to me .
How do you usually spend your time after work ?
What kind of dog is he ?
Pay him ? But he studies for himself , not for you or for me or for anybody else . I got an idea . You should send him to class every morning and after the class begins , you can go to work .
You were spying on me , weren ' t you ? You probably rented those children .
How tall are they ?
Now there we are in agreement !
How much do you have ?
No matter what , you are still my hero , Daniel .
Yeah , it was scary , but exhilarating .
That's fine . I want 2 tickets .
You'll get used to it , Mikel , trust me .
I don't like them . I used to take them when I had to work overtime , you know .
You are passing the buck . I'll be hanged if I ask you to go to the park with us .
Have you got your visa yet ?
I am afraid shipment by early May would be too late for us . Our customs formalities are quite complicated , and it takes time to distribute the goods to the farmers in our country . The fertilizers must be delivered before April , or else we can't be in time for the spring sowing .
What does MM / DD / YY mean ?
you're lucky . Not everyone has such a great boss !
Silly me .
How do you know that I didn ' t try ? I just couldn ' t manage it .
Take a bus then . It will only cost you 5 dollars .
I like the fabric , but I don ' t like the style .
Why ? You are so excellent . I think you are the most suitable person for the job .
Eighty-five dollars . If my bid is the highest after three more days , I win ! It's fun !
Guess what I just heard ?
I would like to do that .
Are you going to give up your job ?
Where exactly did you use your passport in the store ?
It might work . I ' ll have to hear it . Show me what you ' Ve done . Not bad .
Thank you , Miss Kelly .
Well , I don't find her attractive , but I'm sure you will disagree .
Bill , your work is too messy .
Seriously ?
She . She seems to be doing a pretty good job . Of course , anything would be better than that last guy !
Oh , I'll probably just stay at home .
Do you like watching TV ?
No problem , I once played a 2 - meter-high player successfully .
What ! That sounds perfectly ridiculous ! Labour Day is a holiday for everyone , not just laboring staff ... and we get a whole day off tomorrow anyway , so what's the point of an extra hour tonight ?
I want to change rooms immediately , plus a refund for tonight .
After you total your hours , make sure you sign it and turn it in to your supervisor .
Are we going to have gym class tomorrow ?
I'm stuffed !
Oh , my God ! It's good we have food .
Yeah . I met with them back in March , remember ?
Oh , I've no interest in such films .
What was that ?
They must have practiced a lot . The perseverance has made them they are today .
Not much really . It's more of an American tradition , so back home we don't really celebrate it . In fact , I am not even sure of what exactly is being celebrated !
Hi , Debbie . Have a seat . How's it going ?
I don't think so . Dick has been on the ball and he never does things like that .
No problem , you're welcome .
Are you serious ?
But is it possible that travelers could be hit by meteors ?
How much will my unemployment check be ?
Then how do you explain so many rich people committing suicide ?
The copier is right over there .
What case do you have against the police ?
Two rows up on the right . We have various kinds of chocolates .
Well , I'm not quite ready .
Because we are partners in our science lab . Why are you so jealous ?
They are in aisle 5 .
I am sorry . sir . Someone will there in a moment .
I think so . I used to be an interpreter .
That's so ironic ! Well , what's it like ? Is it your traditional food ?
No , I only receive my salary .
I have an idea .
I started with game show this morning , I really enjoy them , and even answered the most of questions correctly .
It depends on the amount and how fast you want that person to receive the money . A SWIFT transfer is the fastest method but a banker's draft is usually the cheapest . How much do you wanna send ?
Does this TV work well ?
Well , it's just that she put a lot of makeup on her face . Actually , natural beauty comes from within .
Generally speaking , you are supposed to come at 9:00 am .
Thank you very much .. Bye .
No ! I said I was going to cut down which is very different . You can ' t just expect me to go cold turkey overnight !
Really ? Is he married ?
Excuse me , could you tell me which line I ' m supposed to stand in to buy bubble wrap and to post a package ?
I really recommend you go for a run in the morning .
Welcome back , soccer fans . My name is Rick Fields and , as always , I am joined by my commentating wingman , Bob Copeland .
Yeah , I'd have to say it has . But I'm still paying for it , you know .
Why not ?
Thank you for all the help .
Hold on , Paula . It does sound pretty serious . But I ' m sure you can work this out .
I will , mom . Don ' t worry .
Yes , and it comes with a worldwide guarantee .
Senior director of market research . In addition to a nice pay rise it has some nice perks , like a company car , one month paid vacation , and an apartment downtown . And it's an international company so I'll have lots of chances to travel and meet new people . I'm really looking forward to it .
my name is Jenkins . My phone number is 7539738 2 . that ' s confirmed then . 7:30 on Friday .
About 200 . They can assemble at least 3,000 computers every day .
Hold on , please .
How does this afternoon at 2 thirty sound to you ?
How many days shall we spend on the trip ?
Did I really ?
You should try it . You won't be disappointed .
So what ? I just lost one hour's worth of work .
He really did a great job in the finale , especially in the PK round . He performed so well that the majority of the audience cast their votes for him .
Everyone has a talent . They just need to find it .
Be patient for just a few minutes , sir , and someone will be at your door .
What size , please ?
I'm afraid not ! Now this is just between you and me .
That ' s quite the array of nationalities . Everyone in my class is from Asia , except me . There are a few South Koreans , several Japanese , Malaysian , Thai , Singaporean , Filipino , Kazakhstan , and one Russian .
I've gotten about six .
What do you consider important when looking for a job ?
What number are you trying to dial ?
That's it , but will I be able to add more channels at another time ?
Indiscretion ? How can an indiscretion last two months ? I mean , you two have been married for two years ! How can he do that to you ?
The better you sand it , the better the finish will be .
Exactly !
Yes , take philosophy , for instance . What makes a true , respectable da via , or a warrior hero ? It's not enough only to be formidable . It also involves a man's character , sense of justice , and values of life .
Oh , right . I suppose so . As long as you promise to lose !
do you have a medium in the same color ? This one is a little tight .
Do you have any direct flights to Toronto ?
We are busy in preparing for the train . Would you please buy us some fruit ?
I guess working with so much money has made me rather greedy . Maybe losing my job would be a good thing !
But , sir , I didn't drink at all .
OK , see you then .
It's all right . Kids are like that .
Hi , Linda . I want to invite you to a dinner tomorrow evening .
When he pulled out the gun , I got so scared .
new furniture makes a room seem so fresh . I see that you also bought a new lamp for your bedside table .
Well , I don't have any cash with me , so I ' ll have to put it on credit .
Who's Brad ?
No way ! I like my apartment , and I like to be independent .
But we could just stay there for 20 minutes .
Who else will come ?
sure , I'll just go and get it now . what would you like to eat ? Some soup ?
Yeah , let's do so .
Yeah . I was in a hurry and I forgot my umbrella today .
Sellers aren ' t really all that objective . They may have gotten used to a leaky faucet , but it is still broken .
OK , may I take your size ?
I ordered a sandwich there before .
Very nice . He gets along with his classmates very well .
I think she's misinterpreted my intentions . What happens now ?
We really want to live in a lakeside home with a dock for our boat .
What days , do you know ?
Do not be a couch potato . You should do more exercise .
Dick , I ' Ve decided not to rent that house .
You're spending a very long time on my hair .
No way . It ' s her who should apologize .
Does it include a facial mask and a massage ?
That ' s right . We got the assignment last week .
Then you may use cardboard boxes for outer packing so long as you can guarantee the safety of the computers .
Oh , Are there other means ?
Oh , yes , I almost forgot ! Can I also get some eye drops and um , some condoms ?
You need to make posters ?
Ok , I will .
Great . Are you a qualified teacher ?
Eight dollars fifty a week excluding laundry .
So kung fu is also a means of self-cultivation , isn't it ?
We can take the MET and get off at the Zoo Station .
Perfect . I wanted to have a casual evening tonight .
Did your wife give birth yet ?
You can find anything ! Are you sure you want to start shopping online though ? Once you step into this world , there is no turning back !
We ate everything from dinner .
Thank you for your understanding sir . I will book your flight now .
Hi , this is Monica . I was wondering when we can work on this financial report .
It's all in the bag .
Yes it is . Thank you .
Thanks a lot . Have a nice day .
A large , with tons of ketchup .
Do I need to pay any extra change for my suitcases ?
Actually , I need two calls , one at 7 and the other at 7 fifteen .
I had my first cigarette when I was 17 .
You want to go with him ?
Yes , I know . I tried that . They don't have anything now . So what can I do ?
I'll try all of those . How do you know so much about International food ?
Good morning , madam . What can I do for you ? !
I'm sick of it , too .
thanks . Who much would that come to ?
How did the business trip go ?
It ' s that way , on the second floor .
Shall we check your oil and tires ?
It sounds good . I'll take that .
I would like to come in at three o'clock .
When's the last time you took your tablets ?
You ' re welcome . I hope your wife is feeling better soon .
You're going to make me rich by not paying me ?
I keep on meeting with difficulties in the experiment . I can hardly go on .
You mean I could finish this course and still not know English ? You ' Ve got to be kidding !
It's common sense that African athletes always make a clean sweep in track events , middle or long distance races , relays , hurdles , barriers , and marathon .
The wonderful passing Melaena did .
Oh , he's a very serious person .
We can make a number of mixed drinks at our bar .
I will cancel the fees you owe .
That's right . Welcome to Great Britain .
OK , let me check availability . I'm sorry . Tickets for that flight are sold out .
Yes , if I were hired , when would you like me to start ?
Then you got a windfall ! Was sixty-five the original price , or did you get a special discount ?
Yeah , it'll take us there .
Does the rate include the cost of gas ?
No , I'm strictly a spectator . I just like watching skating . It's so beautiful .
Your balance is 21,290 RIB . How much would you like to take out today ?
I was just thinking about someone I went to school with , this boy I was quite friendly with in third grade . We used to hang out together - he lived next door - but then my parents moved and I changed schools and never saw him again .
I guess I'm lending them to you ...
Of course even people who don't know anything about golf know his name .
You ' re welcome . Good-Bye .
Good morning , Madam ! Can I help you ?
You see , the bungee participants take a deep breath when they stand at the starting spot and then , like diving , their heads are over heels and they jump off into the realm of the combination of heaven and earth The wind roars at their ears and their bodies rapidly descend . They do not even have enough time to do several gymnastic movements and they are rebounded to the upper air by the cord .
I can assist you .
Yes . See you then .
You were scared , too ? I dared not tell you my feeling when I heard that . I almost got fainted .
Brain Locker ? No , I don't think so . What does he look like ?
Can I make a phone call to a friend if I have a question ?
Let's go then . On the way we have to turn right and right again at the next junction .
yes , come on in . how's your new job going ?
No , no problem . It's just that one of them is due and I'm not sure how to deal with it .
Is he ok ?
Cash or credit card ?
Hi , Mary . Lily wanted me to buy her some things for the party .
All right . Thank you very much for your help .
Are there any special unemployment forms I need to fill out ?
Ok , I ' ll peel the vegetables and you chop them . I ' m terrible at chopping vegetables . I always seem to chop them into pieces that are either too big or too small . Wow , you can chop vegetables really quickly
That of the old man .
Why did you decide to apply for this position ?
Thanks . I really appreciate it . In fact , I do need a letter of recommendation for this scholarship .
I ' m sure that the boy will become nobody when he grows up .
Excuse me , Miss . What did the announcement say ?
Just look at the screen here . It'll give you prompts , you see ? Now you need to enter your PIN number , then press ' enter ' to confirm it .
I hope I still have chances .
And after that ?
it's sad how more and more young people are sleeping on the streets in London now .
Well , just because it's you . Tomorrow , say around noon .
Me , too . At this time of the year , I often miss my home in the warm south .
What do you usually do in your work time ?
Don ' t put me on the spot . You know , I can ' t do that .
Oh , I see . What makes you think that ?
Where are you going , Jane ?
Would you like some more rice ?
I wouldn't like to hold a specific title . I just want to enjoy what I am doing .
I'm sorry , Mr . Lee . Egg tarts are food too . We will have to confiscate these .
what is the purpose of your stay ?
Poor fellow ! What's the date today , buddy ?
Yes ! But the happy ending came at a high price . On May third , 1886 , police fired into a crowd of strikers at the McCormick Reaper Works Factory , killing four and wounding many . A mass meeting was called for the next day to protest the brutality .
I hid so that it couldn't see me . Slowly it got closer and closer , until ...
Hello . I'd like to speak to Susan .
Sir , you haven't been drinking by any chance , have you ?
But everything has been so easy .
Visible Certificates are registered and the holders of these can report any loss directly to the bank . Also , they can be cashed in advance , before the maturity is up .
I think I prefer train . It's cheaper and safe .
Excuse me . I would like to purchase some travelers ' checks .
I know . Do you have some change I can borrow ?
Would you like to mail it by air or sea ?
Do you know what time it is ?
Joan is a thorough drag !
The vegetables seem to not be very fresh .
Do you have a Chinese edition of this ?
That's very sensible . It sounds like you have a good head on your shoulders .
Yes , I'm looking for a house .
Um ... no .
Yes , I did . I have never tasted anything like this .
I will be sending the assistant manager to check it out . May we look at it this morning ?
Just a moment , please . Let me check for you . ( A moment later ) Thank you for waiting . I am sorry but our flights are fully booked on that day . The next available flight leaves at 4:00 pm on 20th . Shall I reserve you a seat on it ?
No , I really must go now . My family are expecting me home soon .
we ' ll be eight or nine people . Could we book a private room ?
Eight rooms , a roomy kitchen , two modem bathrooms , a lovely dining room , a gorgeous living room and three sweet bedrooms . All are built with first-rate materials .
He is penny wise and pound-foolish .
Let me think about it . What should I do ? I think I will not give up .
Excuse me . Are you Mr . Smith ?
Yes , do you need some help ?
Yes . Don ' t eat onions or garlic before you come . If you do you ' ll have bad breath .
Say , what's you favorite sport ?
Well , I must be off now . I have an appointment at six .
It's from the musical that is so popular in New York right now . Do you like it ?
What sport do you like the most ?
It absolutely was a great meal . We'll have to return here for lunch sometime .
There is a very critical debate between the presidential candidates tonight .
How much is the cable ?
I'm headed to the 18th floor , the top floor .
You swim in a swim station just like you run on a treadmill .
Is it gonna hurt ?
Good afternoon , sir . May I help you ?
How about next week ?
The taxi will be here immediately , sir .
Welcome back .
what gift ?
I just don't trust you any more .
What about grapes and water melons ?
Did you see the woman that just left my office ?
How I wish my son Mark could be as excellent as your Joe !
Look at my eyes .
Good afternoon . It ' s very nice to see you again .
sure . A UFO is just a space vehicle from another planet . If you think about it , our space shuttles are UFOs .
You are under arrest , sir . You have the right to remain silent . You better not pout , you better not cry . Anything you say can and will be used against you . You have the right to an attorney , if you cannot afford one , the state will appoint one for you .
OK , I will see it soon . You can go back now .
Pretty good .
That ' s just it ! I don ' t know what to get her ! Last year I got her a ring that was two sizes too big and a pair of shoes five sizes too small ! I suck at getting presents for people .
I'm really into watching foreign films . what about you ?
You're my hero .
No , thanks . But I'd like a facial massage .
Really ? I was quite good at the hurdles and the discus .
Several . Two good examples are Seattle , in the state of Washington , and Portland , Oregon .
There ' re educational stations too . I could learn while I watched TV .
I hate the bus system in London ! The bus drivers are rude , the buses are never on time , and there are few people around who can help you .
Yes , according to the agenda , there will be a seminar on these issues at the very beginning of the training course .
I thought it was great . Didn't you like the special effects rooms ?
OK , that ' s all of them . No more gifts . Now who wants to guess when the baby is due ?
What about the insurance and housing policies ?
256MB .
I don ' t think that there is any easy way . The united nations could send peacekeepers into the country . At least then the warring parties could be forced to negotiate . The thing is to find the real problem form the war and solve that .
OK ... and what about the buffet and the cake ? Did your mom call the caterer ?
Does she live nearby ?
It's me , sir . But I am sorry I have forgotten to prepare for it .
How about painting a warning on each cigarette packet ?
I know you are , you are my girlfriend . I wish I had a guy friend to hang out with sometimes .
Yes , I felt exactly the same way as you did just now . Scientists must be crazy in saying so .
I see . Including bonus ?
Ten sheets of rice paper , 25 brushes , two boxes of oil color and two boxes of water color . All these come up to $ 35 . 50 , sir .
So what are you interested in ?
More or less . How well do you understand Mr . Wang , your Chinese teacher ?
Where did you find this apartment ?
Make sure you contact me as I only allow one unexcused absence .
Your garden is looking very beautiful this summer . The flowers are really colorful .
I want to buy a skirt , but I have no idea which one to buy .
No . It's no problem . Are you American ?
Yes , all right . So why ? Go on then . Say it . Oh , really , Mark . I promise I'm not going to be angry . Now why were you late ?
That ' s my final offer . Take it or leave it .
He really misses his friends from our old neighborhood .
I had no idea that bus went to the station .
Yes . I practice every weekend with my teammates .
Do I have to pay an additional fare to change trains ?
Um . Ten ?
I'm already dialing , sir .
Have you forgotten the cheers ?
Just did my best .
Sure . You see , Tom , fast food is a lifestyle that craves convenience . People just don't care whether it is healthy or not .
I understand , Mr . Carmichael . I ' d be glad to make it some time next week .
of course . The fitting room is right over there .
They're awesome ! I was browsing through the eBay auction today , and I found the cutest fat little copper Buddha ! It's over a hundred years old .
You haven't lost any weight , have you ?
In April or early May .
Alright . That's a good idea .
No , it's not far . It's near our old house .
I know , darling . But I do have a lot of work to do , hope you can understand me .
Yes , I'm calling from Tenga Company . I'd like to know if you have rooms available for the nights from October 8 to October 12 . We are going to have a business conference .
This is how a holiday should be . Relaxing on the beach with a nice cool drink .
Yes , Let ' s .
Hold the line , please . Mr Wood is in the meeting with managing director at the moment I afraid . Can I help you ?
We are now walking on what is in fact an island . Here we get one of the 10 sceneries of the West Lake , Autumn Moon over the Calm Lake .
I've never had a part in a play before , but I used to be a part of the stage crew in high school .
Don't worry ; I'm sure it will be fine . If I do have any queries I'll call you , OK ?
Are you having any luck ?
I am afraid I am not interested in fashion .
Hi Colin . How are you feeling today ?
The usual minimum purchase is 5,000 RIB .
Sure . What's up ?
Forget it . Good luck . I hope you can make it .
That ' s right . That ' s one reason why it ' s so important to protect every species .
Beautiful .
I was so angry that I could not keep cool . What I need is just an apology .
Excuse me , is there a table for 8 right now ?
Come on . Give it a chance . The movie just started .
They're available anytime between 7 a . m . and 10 p . m . , seven days a week .
The man behind your mother must be your elder brother .
I'm a student , and I have a part-time job , too .
Wow , your apartment is a mess .
By the way , do you work out ?
What time is it , please ?
Do you get along well with each other ?
Yes , maybe I should have another try .
Good . Now exactly where is it ?
Aunt Shirley , I heard the Yuan Miao Festival is the name for the festival . Why did it get its name ?
You get five paid sick days .
Thank you very much ! And then what ?
Now everything is OK . I can write my blog , right ?
Yeah , because he just killed a man in cold blood .
Good afternoon .
Your food will be brought to you momentarily . I hope you enjoy it .
I ' ll be right over !
Sure . What kind of apartment are you looking for ?
What are your plans now that you ' re getting out ?
Pretty ! Say beautiful rather . Can you imagine any thing nearer perfect beauty than she altogether-face and figure ?
Then try it yourself .
That's fine . Then let's sign a contract .
I ' ll take that suggestion too . How about the content ?
We do not want you to sign any documents that you do not understand . You may get assistance with any questions that you have .
Wow ! She's gorgeous .
OK ! I'll call security .
Here is your receipt . Thank you .
I would like to purchase it .
I often feel so tired .
Hey , Shirley ! Want to join me for lunch ... my treat !
After you ' Ve chopped the vegetables , could you fry the meat in a little oil ? Just use a very small amount of oil . Fry the meat until it is cooked , then we will add some spices to flavor it .
What separates your product from the competition ?
Which class are you working on right now ?
Not yet , can you recommend me some chickens ?
You will get a fine .
It starts at $ 30,000 . S
What can you see from a tram or a double-decker ?
I know you , Zina . You're only nice when you want something .
I know , and normally she's trying to tell me how to clean my house . So , thank you .
I have a severe headache now .
buying a house can be expensive , but there are ways to find cheaper houses .
I ' m afraid not .
Yes . Here's my identification .
I am glad to inform you that you are expected to come for an interview in our head office tomorrow .
I want to say goodbye . I ' m leaving for America tomorrow .
Mr . : That's alright . It's the first day of school , after all .
Do you think any studios will open up soon ?
Yes , this mattress is very good . It's pretty firm . The mattress I ' m now sleeping on is saggy .
Yeah . I'm still hungry , but I guess it's kind of rude to keep eating while he's talking , huh ?
Would you like something to drink ?
Yes . But I am afraid it is too thick to wear in summer .
All right . Would you make coffee yourself when you are at home ?
How did he make a fortune ?
There really are not many side effects . You need to drink a lot of water when you take this pill .
I ran it against that fence pole as I crashed . What do you think ? Damn , it hurts !
Yes . First , you need to turn around . Do you remember passing some traffic lights further up this road ?
Great ! Warm up with some scales and arpeggios first . Good , good . This week , work on keeping the rhythm steady when you play the last part with the sixteenth note . Now let ' s take a look at this tricky section .
Why would anyone vote for McCain ?
The mushrooms were packed in small one pound plastic bags , sixty of these bags to a carton . It is stated on the surveyor ? s report that external conditions of goods at the time of survey are all sound and intact . So it is obvious the cause of the damage is that the mushrooms were not completely dried before packing .
Sure , I used to catch my legal limit of bass there all the time .
Banker ?
Ya , they do . Anyone else come to mind ?
Can you pass me a menu please .
Excuse me , could you please show me the way to the human resource department ?
How long does the tour take ?
OK , so do you think you can make yourself easily understood in English ?
It's 687 3452 .
So long . Thank you for shopping here .
No , I haven't . Is the food good there ?
You ' re home late today , David . How was school ?
Why would you park in the red zone ?
But I don't know what I would do .
I'm taking two weeks now . but I want to save the other week and take it sometime during the winter .
Let me ring you up . Okay , sign here , please .
What happens if I am not satisfied with my purchases ?
I can tell you what bus to catch , but you have to walk a little bit .
How can you be so sure ? You haven ' t been together with her , have you ?
I ' m afraid I never go for a holiday . It ' s always business .
How many best friends do you have ?
Did you have fun there ?
So what ? It is not fresh and I'm not happy about it .
Thank you , I really do appreciate that .
Sure . You can review the lessons you have learned at school and learn something new there .
I'm a foreigner here . My English isn't perfect . Can you tell me what satin is ?
No , I am not . And I love to meet new people in the chat rooms who share a lot in common with me .
Well , in fact it's fun for us to just be together that night and do this one thing .
What about next saturday .
No , we met at university .
Why does the government levy the tariff ?
I've got them .
That ' s when the masseuse walks on your back and massages you with her feet .
So you are interested in being with a company for the long term ?
Wait a minute . Let me throw on a sweater .
I think a pipe burst in my apartment .
Sometimes working with a foreign company can be stressful . Foreigners tend to get excited or angry easily , and they show it . Are you sure you can handle this stress ? How do you deal with conflict in your present job ?
It takes about half an hour to get there .
She ' s bringing something pink for Mr . King to drink . Now she ' s putting it ... OK .
Why don ' t you help me save money ? You are always spending money .
I couldn't even if I wanted to . My parents told me that if I went home , then I'd have to find my own place .
Two flight attendants that are also in and out of town . When they're here , they're usually sleeping . And next door to you is me . I'm a quiet neighbor .
Yes , stones .
Well , he isn't a lawyer , so I don't think he needs to have a briefcase like that .
Yes , I have purposefully done some homework in advance .
At the Gate .
Perhaps I'd better ring the police ...
Yes , Sunday sounds fine . What time ?
I know , I know . Well , is there some , is there someone else ? Oh , that woman on television , Sydney Ann .
Talking about a barbecue , didn't you say you are organizing one next week ?
I enjoy listening to both Rock and R & B .
She's very fond of detective stories .
When do they arrive in Beijing ?
Man , they take a lot of our paycheck .
Where did he go ?
Do you know when people began to sing the song " Happy Birthday " ?
They look great ! Hey , are you hungry ? I know a good Ethiopian restaurant-Meskerem .
I spent it on a bag of chips .
Guess what ? I won the speech contest at my school .
So cool . Someone gave me this flier at the exit . What's it about ?
Yes , I'm afraid you will . Altogether on the watch and the perfume you owe me seven pounds .
Yang Tang , just call me Fred ! Everyone does .
Yes , I was .
Here you are . Thank you , bye-bye !
I have no idea what kbps means . I just want to be able to get online , play games and chat with my friends . Oh , and watch movies online as well .
I think you ' re right . Climate change naturally over time , but I think that human activities are speeding up the change . I wish that government would join together and try to resolve the problem .
It doesn ' t make any difference to me .
Is that serious , doctor ?
Well , I am wondering if we took a hang-out for a drink or something . You know , I just came back from a really tough interview . I was quite nervous during the interview . I really want to have the job . Right now , I am still a little on the edge . I am not sure if I could convince them during the interview .
several of those civil wars have been going on for years and years . It seems they will never end .
He really knew his stuff , but he graded hard . Would that be OK ?
I agree . Buses bounce too much . After two or three hours , you feel too tired .
Keep walking and look for a tall building .
I know . Did your mom double check on the church reservations ?
Is it ready to eat ?
Thanks !
But I just want to give her some tips .
30 dollars , ma'am .
Well , for a monthly pass , it'll cost you $ 65 .
We'll be delayed for one hour , because the airport is very crowded .
Then , pass me a bowl for the soup .
What is it ? Why are all these clothes on the bed ?
If you want to speed up your system , you ' Ve got to clean it up first .
I am really excited to be taking this workshop so that I can get ready for my interview next week .
How do you like this one ? It's very beautiful .
Yes , I would like the chicken cheese enchiladas with a side of guacamole .
Yeah . I got to eat as much pizza as I could for free .
Fortunately , there is no person died .
Not at all . I ' ll be glad to do it .
Eat humble pie ? Impossible , I ' Ve never been wrong in judging boys like him .
Well , shall I call Janet and ask her and Tom to come over , and I'll go to the store and buy some stuff .
I couldn ' t find the book I was looking for .
Next Monday morning .
Yes , please , thank you .
I have a Canon SLR .
No , but she gave me her friend's telephone number . I can call him and make an appointment .
Goodbye . Hope to see you again .
Ii is distinguished for the strength of law and foreign languages studies ..
Bring us a bottle of Remy Martini and red wine .
I can't agree more . Okay , time is up . Let's do the last thing .
Things doing great ! It ' s funny running into you like this . Smell well , just last week I ran into Matt as well .
Well , let's go and have something to drink instead . I know a good place . It's a little expensive , but it's fun .
Yes , Do you mind if I have a look at your computer ?
Very agreeable , Mr . Smith . It will only take me a minute to sign it and send it back to you .
One thing's certain . If I had a lot of money , I wouldn't work any more .
How about the Yellow Mountains ?
Excuse me , sir . What can I do for you ?
OK , that will be OK .
How are you , Mr . Stone ? I m Farley .
Totally not . Perhaps it's about our marriage .
Let ' s fix it at seven o'clock , OK ?
We've heard about that festival before . It would be quite helpful if you could give us some highlights of the festival .
There ' s an interesting feature article in the chronicle about doing business in china and the daily news has printed a report about the special economic zone near pairs . We have a subsidiary company located there .
He was once a poor man but now he is a man of means .
And we were going to make a collage for each of us using our baby pictures ...
How much would you say ?
OK . Make sure the power is switched off then tighten up all the bolts on the unit and replace the broken blade . Why is there oil all over the floor ?
I swear I never drink again . Just give me another chance , please .
How fine the needlework is ! What's the price ?
Shall we go out tonight ?
How much are you asking for this ?
yes , I've been to Tailband , Egypt , and Japan .
First please get the bill at the doctor's office , then pay it either with cash or by check . Even though you're discharged , you still need to take a rest at home . Don't hurry back to work until you have fully recovered .
Great . That's my favorite seat which will be the nearest to the birthday cake .
yeah . I found it is so close to our life .
What would be the best time for you to help me ?
Show me your torgue . What did you eat yesterday ?
I preferred working with other colleagues when I worked in my previous company . I think teamwork and cooperation are very important . No matter how competent he or she is in a company , he can ' t do without them .
Haha ... You are not very funny . I guess that means - - except me to tell my lover we have stoped seeing each other too .
Oh , no . I also need this tomorrow evening .
Hello Gina ! We've spoken so many times on the phone but's it's so good to finally meet you in person !
What kind of movie is it ? I don ' t like many of his movies , actually .
Yes . Are you in his class ?
my boss .
I wear size 36 . This pair looks nice . Can I try them on ?
I think it's going to be a nice day .
I'm going to the United Stated to attend my daughter's commencement .
Here , take my credit card .
I'm number seven . What about you ?
Hey , darling , I think I might have a little heatstroke from being in the sun all day . I was so relaxed . It felt as if I were in another world .
It's still early .
Yes , we also apply a special day cream that protect the skin from the sun and the night cream that moisturize to the skin .
No , I don't have a ride yet .
Great . I'll wait right here , thanks .
Yes , it was the kind of perfect plastic wrap that comes with new products . Look , it even had a bar-code price sticker on it ! It looked brand new .
Ok . I ' Ve finished online . Let ' s go . I ' ll just get some money and my credit card .
Well . I ' m sure the doctor will be able to prescribe something to make you well again . Dr . Jameson is very good .
Okay , let me brush you off . Thank you very much for coming .
You should throw some corn on the grill .
I'll return at about 4:30 pm . See you then .
Then my son drove into a tree .
Checking out time is twelve . Guests will avoid an additional days room charge by checking out on time .
John passed away .
A hike would be great ! Let me pack us a nice picnic lunch , OK ?
I'm sorry . I forget all about it .
Good luck next time .
That's too bad . I wish your mother can recover soon .
Honey , where did you buy this skirt ?
They may have some difficulty in doing it .
I think the gears have seized up
How dare you be so inconsiderate ? That's wrong .
Is there anything I can do ?
No , that ' s not true . I ' Ve met two American women who were married to Chinese . But those Chinese look very strong and healthy . So if you exercise more often , I bet it will surely be easier for you to date American girls . How old is Jacky Chan ? He ' s small and short . But I bet he can have any American woman he wants .
A nice name , isn't it ?
They usually do .
It was my pleasure . How about this evening ? I feel very hungry now .
Can you help me pick out a gift for my daughter ?
I passed history test .
So how long does it take ?
Check out these wheels !
I am going to the mountains with my family this weekend .
My birthday is in June , when we are always on holiday . So my family often forgets my birthday too .
What was you G . P . A ?
I know . One out of every three travelers from Taiwan seems to be carrying them . They are being smuggled in by the thousands .
The view is breathtaking .
Thanks for the offer , but I think I've got it . Hopefully , I won't get lost again on my way there !
What time do you go to work ?
Oh , don't worry . I just killed a pigeon .
Yes , I want a pair of sport shoes , Jordan .
I don ' t have health insurance .
Did you order the cake ?
I think that the best way to reduce crime is to spread wealth more evenly . If most people have similar amounts of money , they will not think of stealing from others .
All right . I accept this reduced offer at $ 98 per metric ton FOB stowed . The other terms and conditions shall remain the same as those in the previous agreement . Now will you draft the agreement or shall I ?
My sister . She is going to her in-law's house this year .
Thanks a lot . I hope to see you again .
I like horror movies because I like to be scared .
Mrs . Lee , I ' Ve stayed here for almost a week . And I really must leave tomorrow .
Actually , we thought it would be fun to have a formal sit-down dinner for the holidays .
All right . I have a registered then .
It was so perfect that it won a unanimous 10 .
I am calling to apply to work in your agency of entry .
Do I have to pay for electricity myself ?
I told her that I'm an excellent team player and that a good boss should treat male and female employees equally .
That's too bad , but the porterhouse will be okay .
that ' s right . You ' re going away next week .
Make sure they are fresh .
That's very kind of you to say so . Let's try some after-dinner wines .
I agree . It makes it difficult to breathe .
Here is your boarding pass . Have a nice day .
What channel did you watch last night ?
That's true . Here are some samples of hairstyles . What do you think about this one ?
Maybe we ' ll meet some of the artists too .
The quantity you ordered is much smaller than those of others . If you can manage to boost it a bit , we ' ll consider giving you a better discount .
I will talk about developing sales through our website . All the branch heads will be there , and most of the staff .
Yes , we have a nice room on the sixth floor .
I know and they are really nice , too .
If it is not more than fourteen days past its due date , then you may still mail it in .
Maybe I just shouldn ' t show the income then .
I have to make money to support the family , so I have little time left to share with you .
Will you ever get another copy ?
Not bad , thanks .
Well . What's this 138 dollars charge then ?
I have got a computer engineer's qualification certificate .
Sure . Sounds great . Let's go .
I'll plan for the vacation .
Thanks , ma ' am . You ' re a lifesaver !
I will tell you ahead of time , that there is a lot to sign here , but I will help you every step of the way .
The problem is that I have no idea . I didn't pay attention .
She looks very beautiful . She is a nice girl .
sure , have a seat .
But I think the annual sale of 300 pianos for a sole distributorship in Canada is rather conservative . After all , you sold around 400 pieces there last year . You can sell more this year according to the marketing conditions at your end .
Hello , Mr Peng , how nice to hear from you again . What can I do for you today ?
Is 5 PM . Saturday a good time for you ?
Maybe . I don't know .
Will you show me your key card , please ?
That's $ 50 for a single night .
No . Does the newspaper say what has caused that ?
Do you know anything about health food ?
She looks very healthy . How old is she ?
Cheer up , Nada . You'll be fine .
Is it the rush hour ?
Thank you for saying . I think you are light on your toes too . Oh , the music starts again , would you like to have another dance , miss ?
What will I learn when I see the results on the website ?
Your change , please .
Something like a passport .
She looked sweeter than her pictures .
First , the languages on the label should be in both English and French . Second , the red color doesn't suit our national customs . Could you print the label in some light colors such as yellowish or bluish ?
He's an old antique , very serious .
It is quite important for all of us . Without clear goals , one may lose direction and cannot pave the way for their future .
How much would you like to spend ?
Can I see your license , please ?
Alison , would you like to have some more ?
Pardon ?
What do you do for work ?
Maybe we can write a report to the boss to see what can be done .
7:00 , sir .
Thank you miss ... Wang . I'm Bob Jones and I'll be handling your application .
Henry married Rose only after her father's money , didn't he ?
I will call the owners right now . They will be happy to hear the good news .
Whole Foods is way better than Sons , trust me .
Yes , of course . Thank you very much .
Ok . Let ' s get to work on our advertising campaign .
I came in to see how my home inspection went .
I must make an apology for losing my temper .
I ' Ve got some bad news . All the plans sent over to the McGrath Corporation have been rejected . We ' re going to have to start from scratch .
Thank you , that will be all . I ' ll take care of it .
Its already very cheap . Let's make it 6 000 yuan .
Hey , Gary , great to see you again . Please have a seat . So tell me , what seems to be the problem ?
No . Could you tell me something more about it ? I want to play well .
Your desire coincides with ours .
No , I'm an art lover , so I think more of Bellini and Botticelli !
Well , please give me a first class ticket .
Very good , thanks .
When I opened the account with you , I was a student , I graduated a couple of years ago and have a steady salary , so I figured now would be the best time to go ahead .
Yes , I want to deposit 1000 Yuan in my bank account .
Take my VISA .
I thought a university was for studying .
I didn't do anything . Finally , he left . But then I saw him again today . Outside the shoe store . Near the cafe . I went into a CD store and pretended I was looking at CD's . But then he came in too .
Yes . Go straight ahead till you come to the traffic lights , turn left there and it's the first turning on the right .
Good afternoon . madam . How can I help you ?
What will your major be ?
Would you like me to tell you where I got mine .
Oh , yes , Mr Wang , i look at your resume you emailed , very impressive , are you a P . M . ~ meet someone like you , i was thinking of calling you this afternoon , and having a telephone interview .
Could I have the check , please ?
I told you to hurry up a thousand times . You just put a deaf ear to it .
This is Li with Silk Company . We met last Sunday during the exhibition .
What problems are you having exactly ?
Do you have magazines now ?
I feel that people can love who they want .
Would you mail a letter for me ? My hands are full .
Then you've heard from Vital ?
Sorry about that .
505 .
Do you work there ? I have an interview today with Dale Mendoza . Do you know her ?
Why are you applying for a visa ?
There is a coffee shop round the corner . Can you see that big building at the end of the road ?
I don't like shopping in malls . I like shopping on the street . There is more variety .
Let's drive off this road .
Just leave the stuff by the curb . The company ' ll send a guy out next month to give you the bill .
The apple crisp sounds great .
How do you use a public phone ?
Let's post on the Internet , too . Will get a better response . I'll post the ads . I know some good sites .
I can ' t right now .
Hello Mr Janus . What can we do for you today ?
That's just over there . On the right .
So , you ' re online eight hours a day .
There isn't much rice , is there ?
camping for an evening is ok , but I couldn't do it for much longer than one night !
Thanks . What time will you arrive ?
Hm .. I think you ' Ve got the flu .
I ' d like to have this cashed , please .
I am new to this school and not familiar with this library . Can you help me ?
I can't agree more . The only-child generation in China tends to know little about marriage .
What shall we do after the volleyball match ?
Actually , I received that kind of training when I was in college .
Be quiet , Will you ?
What's the weather like there today ?
I can understand . By the way , is there anyway I can help ?
Yes , it is . It ' s also very different from the British education system .
Yes , I overlooked some facts . I ' ll be more sorrow .
I ' m not going to be able to vote this Tuesday .
Shall I make some coffee , Jane ?
Yeah , the scenery is beautiful . What's more , the air is fresh here ?
I've always wanted to go to Paris . The Eiffel Tower is one of the most famous tourist attractions in the world ! Did you go to the top ?
Some days are just like that .
Can I pay at the check-in desk when I pick up my ticket ?
Do you need money or what ?
You are kidding .
Oh , no ! Why ? I was looking forward to seeing you at my new place .
Promise ?
Well , I don't have an Ethernet port . My computer runs entirely on wireless service .
Where it is ?
I'm afraid you must give up the cash . Are you insured ?
I'm proud of you for standing by her . I think you've helped make a big difference in her life .
Good heavens . Why did you take so many ?
It's my pleasure . Actually , it's really hard to say as individual tastes are different . As for myself , I'd like to recommend gin and tonic .
We'll try to arrange it but I can't guarantee , sir .
no , by that time , I was sick of sightseeing . I had had enough of art galleries , cathedrals , fountains , statues , and palaces !
Is she short ?
I was in the Law School in Harvard University .
I don't know . Where ?
when are you going to give me those brochures ?
Are you introverted or extroverted ?
What kind of girl is she ?
Yes , that'll be all right . Well , please tell me about your working experience .
What kind of warrant ?
How about taking a walk in the park ?
I'll cook dinner for you .
Is that so ? Well , what kind of bait are you using ?
Excuse me , what's this item for ?
I don't like anything about it .
I noticed there ' s a jam a few blocks away .
I can't because I already promised my roommate that I would go shopping with her .
I ' m sorry to hear that . Is there anything else I can do ?
Do you have to walk a cat ?
You ' ll be paid a bonus at the end of every year .
That ' s not going to happen .
Okay . I won ' t hold you up then .
That sounds better . Also , can I use the one card for several accounts ? Say , if I have two or three accounts and want to transfer money from one to the other ?
Oh , thank God . Thank you , I'll be right back .
What's the gate number ?
One of the questions they ask you is if you were well enough to work .
I won ' t go any lower than $ 1050 .
No . Forget about it . It's not important .
You sit in there , listen to the morning announcement with other kids , and then you go to your classes .
It really gets me interested . Is it higher than Kiang Shan ?
I am quite outgoing , I think . I enjoy mixing and doing things with others .
I can ' t believe it ! I have all my important personal documents stored in that computer . It ' s no laughing matter .
I want to buy a pair of shoes for an interview .
Oh , there are many Chinese antique stores . They get paintings , too . Do you get interested in them ?
But how will I get to know the products ?
And then what happened ?
Nothing much . I ' m going to the cinema on Friday night but that ' s all I have planned .
I have been a Production Manager .
Very well , thank you . I'm meeting my wife and daughter for lunch at twelve . Would you care to join us ?
For two weeks . After that you must renew the book if you wish to keep them longer .
Do you like that vintage clock ? It's almost fifty years old .
Sure ?
Yes , but you don't even have to sing . If you want to sing along , you can .
It gives me a lot of pressure and I feel depressed .
Yes . Both have sent back pictures of the planet . And the latter did a better job .
Make sure you buy what you need and your clothes can be worn for various occasions .
So what happened ?
We also have packages with all the sports channels .
Is that Anne ?
Gosh , another stop . It seems the cars ahead of us have to stop every two minutes , It's no quicker than a bus .
It's awfully quiet around here .
No , not that one . But I saw the movie . Could I borrow it when you finished .
To my regret , we failed to cover contamination . This is an unfortunate oversight on our part and a lesson to us .
Yeah . Do you know that this restaurant used to be the teahouse where we first met ?
I have two kids . A boy and a girl .
What am I doing ? What am I doing ? Don ' t you know what day it is ?
Wow , must be interesting to watch dragon boats compete a-gainst one another on the city river .
That's $ 10 .
Everything she needs is right here in the box .
I may just go to the DMV today , so I can pay the fine .
Give me your telephone number , please .
Could I ask you some questions ?
that's true !
May I do anything else for you ?
I felt that the food was pretty mediocre .
Excuse me , but can you tell me the way to the railway station ?
You idiot ! Don ' t say that ! Do you want this job , or not ?
Haha , jogging ? Perhaps it might be a bit too boring ?
I heard that some people in England are pleased with the fact that the climate is becoming warmer because it's making their towns a more pleasant place to live .
I can't find my glasses and I can't see anything . Can you help me find a few things ?
All right . Take a seat , please . Would you like to be a shop assistant or a cashier ?
I worked as a personnel manager in a state-owned company , and then I transferred to joint venture as a sales manager . So I am familiar with the food market in China .
No way . I want the satisfaction of squishing this bug myself . Plus , what if it's Vince ?
One way .
That will be 600 RIB . Could I have your credit card please ?
It was nice to meet you , too . And thanks for coming in today .
Could you tell me something about it ?
Hello . I'm leaving . Here is my key .
Sure . Come on it . We just finished rebuilding everything .
Here's your change , 50 Yuan . Welcome back again .
It says it's $ 1600 . But if you share it with another person , that's only $ 800 per month .
Oh , it ' s not you . I just want my own place .
Really ? Congratulations !
There's some leftover pizza from last night .
Look , just give me a chance . I can explain it .
Well , it's my fault because I didn't study as much as I should have .
Come on . I stand behind you .
I ' ll take one . And here is a dollar .
I have no idea where to find one .
That's no problem . Do you offer any other consulting services ?
Of course , I have Monday or Tuesday available . What day would be best for you ?
As soon as you purchase your Traveller's Cheques from us , you are covered . No matter if you lose them or they are stolen , we will replace them promptly . All we ask is for you to write down the reference number of each cheque and keep it in a safe place away from the actual cheques . We will need that number if you need to make a claim .
I was told my friend Joe was speaking ill of me . That's a real let-down .
Sue , this is Tom Lin from Allied Trust and I'm calling to offer you a position with our firm .
I love the sage green carpeting with the sunset-colored walls .
Oh , it ' s Death on the Nile . Have you read it ?
I ' ll just have to wait for UCLA .
Now this next dish is one of the most famous . Foreigners call it papaya salad but the proper name is Tom Sam . It is a spicy salad made from a mix of fresh vegetables including shredded unripened papaya and tomato .
Don't play hard to get . The pay is good . You'd be working with Elvin again .
well , first of all , it needs a new engine , which is extremely expensive .
Oh , that's great . I want to try later .
I'll explain later , let's go .
I know , but remember to meet in a public place and don't give out your personal information .
Well we have espresso , cappuccino , latte , skinny latte or Americano .
Fine , I know a good hotpot place in the downtown area , food there is pretty spicy too . Shall we try that one ?
I do , at a different location , I have a savings account and a CD .
Absolutely not ! You are highly contagious ! You don ' t want to infect the rest of your co-workers do you ? I recommend staying in bed for at least three days and drinking plenty of fluids so you don ' t get weak and dehydrated . You can catch up on all the latest TV shows and movies !
It rumored that Jean is fooling around with another woman's husband .
How much do you want to pay ?
Just call me Alex . Alex and Alexander are the same thing .
Which would you recommend ?
You should draw a picture of a fancy kingdom of animals in forty minutes .
I am confused about the projected revenues .
They aren't alcoholic !
Yes . Please give me your ID card , a photo .
He prefers suits to jackets .
You need to get plenty of exercise every day . If you smoke , you need to stop .
Oh , my dear lady . Take it easy . You should forgive a green hand like him .
We have binders with local job listings or you can make use of the computers . OK ?
I really enjoy it , especially when it ends up tasting good !
That's for sure .
Look at him , he's buff .
Personally , I'm not for it . I feel it's bad for kids to watch .
To tell the truth , I feel tired .
A charge came up on my bill that I didn't make .
Oh , my God ! I've been cheated !
It's time to graduate and it's time to find a job . Susan , why do we need to find a job ?
I see . What would you like for dessert ?
Why would the government want to tax liquor so much ?
American .
I should say , a a ' set ' of golf clubs is restricted to no more than 14 clubs .
You say he was around average hight .
Mm , they taste delicious . Let's settle the bill .
I would like to have a roll developed .
Oh , they all went out ! Did you make a wish ?
For a year and a half .
I've also got a terrible stomach-ache . Is my face still swollen ?
More than five years now . After I did my engineering degree , I began to specialize in computer technology and I even had my own company for a while .
Thank you and take care .
No , I shouldn't think so . By the way , is there a socket for my razor ?
I thought you were good at the high jump !
How do you usually spend your leisure time ? I mean , do you have any special interests out of your job ?
I just need a snack .
I don't know what to say . I'd like to replace it .
It won't be long . No more than ten minutes . Why don't you go ahead and I'll meet you in the park ?
Yes , very . Believe it or not , it will cost you more than one hundred dollars .
OK . I will .
That's no problem . I know that every company has busy periods . When this happens , I'm ready to put in as much time as necessary to get the job done .
Hello , this is Miao Eng calling from Lincoln Bank .
Are you rushing me ?
Good morning . How are you ?
I don't know . I haven't tried yo-yo since that party !
Excuse me ? Is this where I register ? I ' d like to sign up for my courses for next semester .
I think we can climb to the top , can't we ?
Sign ? What ' s sign ?
I see . Thanks a lot .
Well , this looks nice . Do you know how to use it ?
Yes . And they don ' t give you very much either . I ' m still hungry .
So , what do you want to do ?
I suppose so , but don't rush . I've got to tell you how to do it .
Right now I ' ll teach you to open files , save files and copy files . Are you ready ?
Port , please .
It ' s about 20 minutes ' walk , I think .
All-right guy ? All right . Let's talk about something else instead .
All right . I will take a room for a week . Here is my passport .
Oh , I am from London as well .
I used to subscribe to it , but I cancelled my subscription last year .
What kind of battery is it ?
May I make a copy of your card ?
No , thanks . I am very grateful that you can come to the hospital to visit me .
Oh , really ? I went to China last winter !
Whole Foods has a lot of organic foods ?
That ' s good idea . You don ' t need to worry about missing an issue of a magazine if you do that . I suppose you have a mortgage too .
I never understand the meaning of those painting . They are too abstract for me . I didn ' t pay much attention in art class at school .
( Weigh herself ) Hey , I lost a kilo in a week with my all-fruit diet . If I keep going , I can wear that dress next month .
Three thousand ! That's almost too good to be true . Did she say why her friend wants to sell it ?
No , they're giving us discount tickets on a honeymoon package in ...
Well if so . you should contact with the office over there . Maybe they will do you some help .
Get on the phone right now . It might not be too late .
We won't stay out too late . I just need to forget about work .
The Japanese climate is warm and moist in the south , mild in the central part and cold in the north . Except for Hokkaido , we don't get much snowfall at all . France has a mild climate , doesn't it ?
Does your work involve a lot of paper filling and typing ?
No problem . But , the postage is much higher than the regular package .
Have you got a clear idea about our company ?
He's in a meeting with Phil .
Oh . Yes , I ' m ready to transfer .
I can't decide whether to go to university or to get a job .
Not me . I'm too hot and I'm too tired .
Yes , ma'am ?
And what color would you like ?
Okay , let me make sure I got that
Well , there is that , yes .
I'd like a bag of Doritos with that .
Thank you . Please bring us a bottle of dry white wine .
I bought a sewing machine . I know that my friend likes making her own clothes , but her current sewing machine is quite old and has some problems .
I will miss you , too . You're really a good friend .
I am not feeling well .
Hey , I started a diet and lost 10 pounds .
So , what changed ?
I will pay it . Don ' t worry .
Yeah , it's really cute . But why a monkey suit ? Is Hello Kitty having an identity complex ?
This is gonna be a great barbecue !
Sorry , that ' s out of question . I don ' t have a problem with it . But , unfortunately , the building doesn ' t allow it . It ' s a building regulation .
Then what are the Westerners fit for ?
I'm sorry . Am I keeping you awake ?
Dad is bigger than you , but how come I'm smaller than May .
I ' m very shy . I think I might shake in my boots at the moment I meet the interviewer .
Sounds like fun .
Wow , I can't thank you enough .
But the guidebook says a lot of the stars come here . If we are spending three days in Hollywood , I want to see at least one star .
What kind of salad do you want to make ?
I don't really like coffee , to be honest . It's too bitter for me .
I'm glad you like it . It's $ 60 in all .
And what size would you like ?
That sounds perfect . Thank you very much for taking the time to speak to me Mr . Parsons .
I'd say all you've done is moved the dirt from the windows on to your face and hands . Disgraceful !
I promise I'll pay you back as soon as we get home .
If I remember correctly , there's a quiz show .
I want to buy some jewellery .
He's on the other line , can you hold for a minute ?
I really need more information about the job before we start to discuss salary . I'd like to postpone that discussion until later .
I know I ' m going to bite the dust going down this hill . I almost got killed on the chair lift ! This is going to be so embarrassing .
But that's better than keeping everything to yourself . You ' Ve got to let her know . Come on ! You ' Ve got to take a chance . Even though you are rejected , it ' s not the end of the world . There ' s nothing to lose , is there ?
There will be a live show of football tonight .
it's pretty simple , Iris . Just keep it in mind that you're what you eat .
Yeah , I was really struggling whether I should give you this nice little car . It was the last one they had and I really like it so much myself .
I love that vase .
Yeah . But he soon feel regretted for it .
Let me introduce myself , by the way . My name's Thomas Bradley .
Is there any thing else , sir ?
Peter Madsen . A great A if I do say so myself .
I have a really bad toothache ! My cheek is swollen and I can ' t eat anything .
I like it well-done , please .
Hello , is everything alright ? Can I help ?
I ' d be glad to .
I've got a complaint about the noise next door .
I see your problem .
Under what kind of circumstance will you lose your temper ?
Yes . These posters are new . I bought them last week and put them up on my bedroom walls yesterday .
what happened ?
Yes , I'm thinking of buying some T-shirts , but I find your price is on the high side .
Yes . I would like to check in .
Please put it on the scale . Where are you mailing it to ?
do you have any photos of any of your camping trips there ?
505 . Let me check it out . Just a moment , please . I'm sorry . You're right . We have found your sweater . We made a mistake delivering the laundry . We'll send it up to your room at once . We're very sorry for the inconvenience
I'm really sorry , Bob . I accidentally damaged your bike .
Good . Now what kind of job do you want ? Mr . Wilson ?
You will be able to add or get rid of channels another day .
That shouldn't be a problem .
I'll be there on time .
Who plays who ?
Excuse me . I'm your new neighbor , Jack . I just moved in .
No , I'll pay for it in cash .
What time is the class ?
That sounds attractive , all right , how about that we sign a one year contract ?
All these should be enough . Good luck !
Yes , that's what I thought . It's so much trouble coming down here or to the post office to pay all of my utility bills every month . So , what exactly do I need to do ?
Very good . Now , is there a trainer down there ?
I haven't seen Bill lately . How is he ?
What's my other option ?
You've take the words out of my mouth .
Yes , very urgent . And there is no other fax machine around . And the office of our boss is closed , so I can not use his machine either . And his secretary is out . Do you have any suggestion ?
Are you sure ? Can you make it more exact ?
Do you have Chinese medicine here ?
Oh , look at your table ! I'll help you clear it off .
I'm sorry , sir . Do you wish to try something else ? That would be on the house , of course .
The pipe is behind a wall in my bathroom .
Here is the menu .
Yes , It ' s on the third floor .
Is there a vacant table for 2 right now ?
I need to get on another bus , but I have no more money .
August 1st .
Wow ! Just the idea of going back to school fills my head with pain .
Cheer up ! What I meant was that you can find it sometime during a week . There is no need to write a new one . Oh , what's this ? Is this your dissertation ?
I find it incredible how millions of years of volcanic activity have created mountains thousands of metres tall .
Oh , my computer crashed again !
Waiter , we'd like a menu first , please .
I know it . WebTracker is playing for keeps . They'll go for our jugular if we give them the chance .
The green party have no chance of winning an election . The other parties are too big and popular .
Because I think it's boring
How do you like your name ?
You're right . They are spinning pretty fast . Aren't they getting dizzy ? What if they fall ...
Oh , really ? That sounds interesting , what kinds of book do you publish ?
The inspection certificate , which is based on a random selection of 20 % of the consignment as we've agreed on beforehand , is considered final and binding upon both parties . We do not accept any claims for compensation for loss incurred in transit , because you bought the goods F . O . B . Houston and on shipping quality , not on landed quality . Your claim , in our opinion , should be referred to the insurance company , as the mishap occurred after shipment .
So what am I going to do ?
I want to leave the motorbike outdoors .
What does it do ?
Actually , he's really good-looking . Too bad he's a weirdo .
Another problem is that I dare not look into their eyes whenever I meet strangers , especially foreigners .
I can't . I have to meet someone .
No , I enjoy travelling .
The pleasure ' s all mine , Rebecca .
I am looking for a job myself . What were you thinking of doing next ?
Wow , this is great ! I never knew Thai food was so creative and delicious !
What do you do when you are angry ?
Oh you ' re so kind !
It's no use arguing the toss .
My Chinese friends told me that the Spring Festival is coming soon . Can you tell me something about it ?
Absolutely not ! I'm not a thief .
Our current apartment is valued at RIB 700,000 . We can sell it and put that money towards buying the new apartment .
Let me see ... the train to New York City ... here it is ... daily except Sunday at 10,30 , 12,20 and 15,10 .
So far , so good .
I'd like to have some meat .
Could we borrow the company van for a fundraiser this weekend ?
Oh , yeah . Many Chinese like to bargain . It happens almost everywhere .
$ 150 including the cloth .
Yes , I noticed it yet .
How long is it going to take ?
No , he isn ' t .
I wish you could make a reconsideration . If you don't reduce your price , we won't purchase from you any more because there's plenty of other business offering here .
I'm a bank manager .
Is there a Sunday edition of that newspaper ?
As you wish , sir . You'll have a wonderful time there .
No , what's up ?
sure . Can you have her call me back on my cell phone number ?
Come on ! What are you nervous about ?
That's no problem . I just wanted to tell you I'm inside .
Tom Hanks is always my favorite film star .
Your parents are not like that ?
I know you're sleepy and I hate to bother you , but I think you're late for work .
I've never really thought about it before . I guess it doesn't bother me .
I am sorry . I've already gone through my paycheck for the week .
I changed my strategy around too . I am investing in good companies now .
I guess it Is Mrs Hill . She sued for divorce on the grounds of her husband's misconduct with his secretary .
Awesome . I've been giving this a lot of thought . When can we do this ?
Ladies and gentlemen , dear Mr . Simpson . Following the increasing communication between Unity Company and Pineapple Computer Company , we established steady cooperation . And today we all here feel very proud and honored to have Mr . Simpson with us . Mr . Simpson is well-known for his success and his career . So first of all , let me , on the behalf of all present here , extend our warm welcome and cordial greetings to our distinguished guest . Now let's invite Mr . Simpson to give us his speech .
What if I can ' t meet that requirement ?
Yes , sir .
Isn't there some way you could work your schedule out to be here ?
Stephanie ! Did you just get to school ? But you were up and about when I left the dorm this morning ! That was about an hour and a half ago . This happens all the time ! Why do you always take so long to get ready the morning ?
What denomination ?
About 3 years , so I came here 2000 .
I guess not . My view is that we should give in to their demands , so that innocent people can stop getting killed .
Wait a minute . It's $ 80 . 5 .
I have budget $ 25 per Peron per day for food expenses . That totals another $ 800 . And for other incidentals , like take fees , and tips , I have estimated about $ 400 .
Me too . I ' ll write to you once I get settled . But I have so much to do . You might have to wait a while . But I really will write to you . I love to write letters . I think it ' s more meaning than the emails even than the phone call .
OK . Is the plane on schedule ?
Have a nice day , bye !
No . He's so far away I can hardly see him ! Let's keep eating !
Yes . What can I do for you ?
Yes , here you are . These tablets are very effective .
How many pieces of luggage do you want to check , sir ?
I really hope that I could sleep like a log all through two nights . But ... Some one said that weekends are a bit like rainbows ; they look good from a distance but disappear before we get up close to them .
Thanks . I appreciate that .
Now , Mr . Smith , if all is ready , we'd better start for the hotel .
Well sir , I believe your fifth anniversary is a great time to propose !
It is not true .
That's really interesting .
Not bad I guess . I just got back from Hawaii .
Where do most of them come from ?
That ' s a good idea . She told me that she had bought plenty of food and snacks . I think it ' s going to be a noisy party . I hope her neighbours don ' t mind too much .
If you're observant you'll see rare birds , insects , butterflies , and a few reptiles . But you must look for them . There are also a few am-phibians in lower places .
The market price for Tong House is around five thousand Hong Kong dollars per square foot , but it also depends on the internal layout and condition of the house .
Tom ! How are you ? We missed you at the party last night . Are you OK ?
I wouldn't call myself extroverted . Sometimes , I enjoy being by myself very much . But other times , I like sharing activities with others too , especially during these last few years .
Do you have any friend you would call really close ones ?
Next week ?
Do you like this campus ?
Next week .
Hello , is Jack there ?
It's a great idea . I can't believe I didn't think of this earlier . Going on a diet with a friend to back you up is a great way to succeed .
All right . How about this one by the window ?
It ' s not easy , particularly with listening and speaking , because sometimes the connection isn ' t too good .
Well , that top is a little too tight , and those jeans aren ' t dressy enough . And I don ' t feel comfortable with that . What do you think , Vicky ? You ' Ve been very quiet up to now .
Cindy , you're so cute .
Yes , that's all right . I want to enroll in the course .
Hi , Ryan , this is Malia , and I will not be coming to work today .
afterwards , we can do the washing up together . Everything will be finished within an hour . Your friend Keith is really funny . I liked his magic tricks .
Just pick something and get the hell out of here . Um , I'll go with these two . This is mortifying . I just want to get this over with . She better thank me for this ...
It's at 8: 00 .
I'm Amy . How do you do ?
I never thought about that .
Count me in !
How's your married life ?
Well that's great ! It's nice that we have something in common .
Oh , that is a shame . He is really hard working .
3725015281 ?
Do you want anything else ?
What day is today ? Tuesday ?
Oh , I went on a holiday in the city of Chende .
Yes , ma ' am ?
It's the truth . I am really happy .
What does that mean ? The same events never happen twice , do they ?
The interest on this new account is higher than any of the accounts in our Personal Financing .
Congratulations on your promotion .
True . True .
Usually if you are leaving today , you'd better check out before 12 noon , and leave the room . If you check out after 12 noon , we will count one day more .
Hurry up , guys ! The train is about to leave .
Pure gold ones , please . This is so beautiful . I'll take it .
I was too excited to sleep last night . I didn ' t go to sleep until quite late .
And how would you describe yourself , Miss Tao ? What kind of person are you ?
Ok . How many stops do I have to go ?
Absolutely not ! I refuse to have thirteen people for dinner on Friday !
I don't mind . Go ahead .
Bundle up . It's wet and rainy out there . Here's some soup .
Well , once you get one off the shelf over there , you first put your name on it . OK ?
During the weekend I often take the family out on short trips .
I never chatted online before . What's it like .
Then tell me your birthplace .
Please don't tell me you bought it .
I have one daughter and one son . Then there ' s my husband and I . What about your parents ? Do they live with your family ?
It's nothing . Did your doctor explain to you about what operation you are going to have ?
I hate working out .
How exactly do you figure out the car fare ?
Okay , I can ' t decide whether sign or not now . Can you give me some time to think it over ?
Oh . Have you finished listing your study preferences ?
But how can we identify someone if we don't know their race ?
Is it because of trade negotiations that we can start selling in the U . S . ?
oh ... so you buried the hatchet with Steven ?
Yes , I do . It saves me a lot of time . I also have standing orders for my subscriptions to magazines .
No , I'm not . I'm staying in bed .
It doesn't look good at all .
Linda , I wanted to tell you how much I enjoyed our time together last Friday night .
Fine . I know about that scholarship . You have to be a student in your junior year , and you have to have a grade point average of 3 . 7 or higher .
Yeah , it will become a wider trend .
Our room hasn't been cleaned up yet . So would you send one of your housekeepers to clean up our room ?
Do you know where the visa office is ?
Hi , Peter . I ' m afraid I can ' t make it to dinner tomorrow night .
What's the matter with you then ? You look miserable .
Parents usually give their children more freedom in my country . Sometimes they give them too much freedom .
I can ' t believe the cost of apartments in New York City .
Well , we have some new Barbie dolls .
All right , then . There is one at the new concert hall .
Do you think that you are introverted or extroverted ?
I'm afraid that I'm very ill .
I see . Would you be interested in seeing the audio-visual products ? They are made by our company .
if I get the promotion , I will be a senior engineer instead of an assistant engineer .
Do you want to insure it ?
How many books am I allowed to check out at a time ?
Pardon me . Does your hotel have a fitness facility ?
OK . And would you please get me some hot water , too ? I think I need to take some medicine .
It was held in 776 B . C . at Olympia . It also has a long history of more than 2700 years .
I see . Now please fill out the form .
Yes . After two U . S . fighter jets followed him for an hour , he landed on a highway .
Is it formal or informal ?
Of course . I'm John Sandals .
I have no reason to distrust him . He's never caused any harm .
He ' s just got no idea of how good you are .
I don ' t mind paying high rent to live in New York .
What didn't you like about it ?
We have a great selection . What decade are you looking for ?
Hello , I would like to buy some business cards .
We have a beautiful selection of eye shadows this fall . Look at the colors . Aren't they beautiful ?
The styles here are too boring for me . I told you . I like street shopping .
What is the square footage of your property ? How many bedrooms and living rooms ?
this is Nathaniel Brown .
Do you know if train 10 is on time to be here ?
What time do you think that you would like to have dinner ?
After the trouble I got into last year , no way .
I'll see you later then . Have a great day !
How are you ? How nice to see you again . How is everything going ?
Those are great . How much were they ?
Oh ... football . Football is cool . I usually try to catch the World Cup finals .
I didn't do that well either . I ended up with a 3 . 2 this semester . That drops my total GPA to 3 . 45 .
All right . The police and an ambulance are on the way . In the meantime , find a clean cloth and press it firmly over the wound . This will slow the bleeding .
Will you supply spare parts if we want them ?
No , we live in the suburbs . What about you ?
And the most active older people seem to enjoy some kind of physical exercise . My father is over 60 years old , and he lifts weights every day .
Excuse me , miss . I don't think we need the MP4 any more . We would like to refund it .
You didn't note the damage on the bill of lading .
Oh , I guess I didn't see it .
Really ? How come ?
This is today ' s schedule . At eight thirty , conference with the department managers . At 9 o ' clock , live for the workshop where you ' ll award prizes to the stafffor preventatives .
Mr . : He's that guy in the blue shirt .
Yes , please . Thank you .
I can understand that . But ...
Yes , but nothing's happened .
I know ! It ' s an amazing growth opportunity ! They ' re true industry leaders , and it would be so interesting to be part of an organization that is the undisputed leader in business process platform development .
It sells almost everything you can see in the department .
It varies from time to time . At present it is 6 % .
If I wanted to rent a van , how much would it cost ?
No , I'll e paying for myself , but I have private medical insurance .
I'm going to do that as soon as possible .
Hi , Jason !
But I may lose my job , doctor ! It's hard to get a job like mine .
Linda , that would be a perfect addition .
Late night ?
Do you know Chinese better now ?
Why ' d you have to do that ?
Yes , Sir , the specialty of our restaurant is the seafood .
Yes , Deborah and I are going to buy a new home in Woodlawn .
you don't look very happy in that picture .
So are Copernicus and many others .
What class will you fly ? First class ? Business class ? Or economy class ?
Well , actually I want to tell you that I've put in notice .
Oh , mostly fiction , lots of romance , science fiction , biography , stuff like that .
I might just ! Enjoy your stupid game !
I haven't eaten there before .
Yes , I do . I ' d prefer you didn ' t . The AC ( air-conditioning ) is also on .
Hmm . He might really appreciate that . I know he will start to collect movies at school . Especially if he studies film .
I have the perfect option , this package will take you on a hiking trip through the Himalayas for three days and afterwards there ' s a dog sledding journey !
They let you go , didn ' t they ?
If they wanted to say something about my call last week , why didn ' t they sand it to me ?
Oh , that's really tough .
Maybe they don ' t agree with my taste .
Yes . In fact there are quite a large number of people who have no food to eat and no place to live in .
But my sister bought this pair last month .
That ' s a lovely hat .
What color is her hair ?
Good idea . I'll go shopping in one of the department stores nearby . We'll go to the zoo and the park another time . After all , we can put that off .
let me think . You could get an Indian or Thai vegetable curry , or you could get some Kimchi .
Please come to the front to have five minutes ' free talk in English . Very well ! Whose turn is it to have a free talk ?
I've just visited your showroom . You surely get a lot of fancy bedsheets . I like them very much .
I'm glad you feel that way . We ' ll leave in about ten minutes , alright ?
Well , it has to be cheap . I don't want a really expensive apartment .
Well , every department is different . You wouldn't want your new co-workers to think you're a Grinch , right ?
I don't know , Doctor . I'm ill . I have a headache and a stomachache .
Sure , we do .
Maybe we could get some new furniture . Better stuff .
It's fine . Please wrap it .
I think butterfly stroke is the most difficult style to learn .
Yes , I like the old style dance , such as waltz ,  rumba and so on . They are quite graceful .
what a shame !
Well , did you get any honors or rewards in college ?
I'm afraid it would take 15 minutes at most .
Mary , how was your date with John ?
I know , but I really can't accept such an expensive gift . I explained to him why , but he seemed really upset about it . I think he might have taken it the wrong way .
Certainly , Mr . Baker .
How ' s your boy , Jack ?
It's beautiful 75 degrees .
My old man does not allow me to go back later than 11 p . m . Bye !
Excuse me , do you sell apples ?
Didn ' t he sell worthless stocks to people or something ? He got arrested for that , didn ' t he ?
If you make mistakes in your job , you'll be fired . Is that right ?
What ? What happened ?
Yes , unfortunately . I'm very much subject to it .
No , she's out for lunch . May I take a message ?
Then we'd better go back to our cabin .
Are you going to ship this by air ? That might cost a little more .
Sure , just a second . Who ' s calling ?
That sounds good . How are you doing , Linda ?
Yes . The price has been reduced by 50 % . It ' s a real bargain .
4 days .
Yes . I heard about that . And I know you want to buy it , but I ' m not interested in detective novels .
This title does not only give you a raising pay-check , but also increase responsibilities . Congratulations , and hope the best for you .
You didn't know ?
Pork . Where's the meat counter ?
You know what , this is really embarrassing , but your name has just slipped my mind . Can you remind me ?
Well , the life style is much more relaxed than here in the city . And the seafood is tastier !
I don't know the words .
Haven't been sleeping well recently .
Excuse me , can you tell me how to apply for a visa to America ?
I'll have a cup of tea .
Hey , That's a really nice outfit you have on .
That depends on the day . We sell from here and on the Internet . I would say about twenty to thirty per week .
Well , since it's summer and it looks like you've had quite a bit of sun , I'd recommend our summer special . It's especially suited for individuals with sensitive skin .
Yes , it does . Just like a needle prick . Besides , the place that hurts often feels cold , too .
Yes , she will . At the moment , the exchange rate is very favorable , so she should try to go as soon as possible , while it ' s cheaper .
Nothing of that sort !
I suppose . And What about the sunroof ? Is that standard ?
I'd like to get a BA , but I don't know where I should go .
Yes . I like wearing shorts in summer . My legs would freeze !
The headmaster asked them not to do so .
In Boston .
Of course I did . I dreamed to be a pilot when I grow up . But unfortunately , I didn ' t realize it .
I can ' t believe it ! I guess I ' ll be here until ten again tonight !
Don ' t worry about it . I have his pager number right here .
All right . But so help me it's a better work .
Hello , Shogun Restaurant .
It ' s on sale this week .
You can decide later . You will have choices before you submit your university application form .
You ' re new here , right ?
Well , it has nothing to do with virus . The problem is your attachment is a bit larger . It has exceeded the e-mail capacity .
I came to this lab to have my blood drawn .
Oh , that relationship is history . Malia hooked up with a guy she met on holiday .
Thank you . I can't imagine getting much done today . I'm just too exhausted !
What starting salary would you expect here ?
Oh yes-five days a week . You have to visit customers all over the territory .
Just don't come looking to me for help .
No , there is plenty of gas . I filled it up yesterday .
Don't be scared . Bite the bullet and everything will be right again .
Your document will be ready in about ten minutes .
Will I get notification that I qualify for unemployment ?
You pay when you pick them up . I don't need a deposit for just one roll of film .
Do you have a statement for your debit card ?
Excuse me . Can you show me some nail-polish ?
Fine , it's the thing for me . I will take it .
I ' d really rather not . I ' ll be too tempted to buy something that I can ' t afford !
I don't know . I'm too excited to say a word .
It's marvelous ! The lawn looks like a green carpet , and the garden with so many lovely flowers .
This place doesn't look like Altadena .
With the greatest pleasure ! Where is the concert held this evening ?
Spring will come soon . And we will have some pleasant weather then .
I am sorry for that . We will improve the dishes next time .
Furnished .
His life sucked . He was hoping a fighter jet would shoot him down .
Yes , we finished the evaluation of it . If the price is acceptable we would like to order now .
From tomorrow till January 8th . That's five days in all .
A visitor .
That's not enough . You have many other things to prepare .
I'm going to get a Snickers or a Kit Kat .
OK ! Here you go .
Your order will be ready soon , thank you for calling .
Oh , Paul is very easy-going and friendly .
No , not yet , but someone ' s going to have to .
Woo , easy .
What are you doing , Victor ?
Sorry , what was your last name again ?
I wouldn ' t be able to make it without your help .
Yes . There's one on the corner of 23th street .
Seriously , it looks really nice on you . Where did you buy it from ?
I bet they love it really . Sure , they complain about it , but that just gets them more publicity , doesn ' t it ?
The man with his hair cropped .
Thanks . But I know falling in love is one thing , while staying in love is another .
Sorry , you're right . I think you'll be a good politician .
I've never met Darren . But you're right . That would probably be uncomfortable .
I'll pay cash .
That ' s a good idea . I ' ll look into finding something like that .
You really have to ?
May I know your full name ?
No . It ' s Swedish . Would you like me to demonstrate it for you ?
All right , sir .
Well , as the saying goes -- we aim to please !
I'll let you off with a warning .
Can you fill out this form then ?
Look ! This window is open .
My computer isn ' t running at the same speed it used to be , it is testing my patience everyday . Can you tell me how to make it run faster ?
You know , you're right . Maybe you should get a dog .
Jack Bates .
No , I don't think I need to do that .
Yeah . This is a clever way to be in contact with such a person .
I like them . Do you have matching belts ?
Sure . Wait for a moment . Here you are .
You are not the gray train , I guess . But bite the bullet and you'll soon be in the chips again .
Congratulations . How is your wife doing ?
Oh , I'm sorry . Here's the lid . Yes , it comes with the pan .
No . I just like looking at wedding rings , OK ?
Okay , I want to change 22,000 .
Of course . I'm sorry for your daughter .
Fine . If you do end up going somewhere , we can just use our pass key .
I'm sure it is wonderful , but I need an unfurnished apartment with relatively lower cost .
Here is my friend Bob .
Beautiful weather , isn ' t it ?
Oh , the whole house needs re-painting for starters . The carpet in the living room is worn out , and I'd like to put in new wall-to-wall carpeting . Last week , I had to call the plumber to fix the toilet . Anyway , all par for the course when you own a house , I guess . I think I am going to hire an interior decorator to look the place over .
We do a fair amount in tiles and in insulators for electrical appliances . But kitchenware and tableware are our mainlines .
Well , suffer then . If you have a toothache , you have to go to the dentist .
Take care of yourself and remember to keep in touch .
Hey , Ann . Wake up . It's time to get out of bed .
Hello , Could you please connect me to Mr . Cook's office ? It is on Line Three .
We will be there ! Thanks for the help !
Mom ! How can I help with the washing up ?
Yes , I packed my books in it . Thank you .
Yeah , I make certain . A half-price ticket cuts us one point five Yuan .
I need to do a credit investigation on another company , but I'm worried it'll be a bit difficult .
I'm offering them to you at 150 yuan a piece . Is that all right ?
You can call the Employment Development Office and request a form .
Dance ? You only go dancing ? That ' s not hard . I can do that .
Where do you wish me to take you , sir ?
I have a terrible headache .
Here is your bill . It totals 3250 dollars .
Yes , very much , if it wouldn't add inconvenience to you . First hand information is always more valuable than reading pamphlets .
I'll get the first aid box . There's some antiseptic cream and a bandage in there .
It's got a built-in video camera so you can see the person you're talking to . It also takes stills and I can use the E-mail mode to send digital pictures straight to my friend's phone !
Then does it go well with my sweater ?
I think I can commute that far without any trouble .
How are you doing today ? How many in your book today ?
I ' m Jack . What ' s your name ?
About nine thirty in the morning .
You really don ' t need to .
So are you .
Yes . I hope you can help . I'm interested in obtaining a Working Capital Loan . So , I was wondering what you offer here ? Do you have various types ?
That ' s interesting and logical I guess . In my country , we also have to contribute to a government-run retirement fund , but most people don ' t really trust it so they just invest in properties or things like that .
Even in the winter ?
OK , sir . We offer two types of lunch , Chinese food and western food . Which one would you prefer ?
Absolutely . Through all kinds of stamps I am able to learn about the world .
I'm having a great time . I love it . I'm glad we came .
I agree with you .
Okay . Just stay in your car . We ' ll be there in five minutes .
O . K . Thanks . I ' ll let you know what I find .
Have you received any honors ?
Yes . It says the hike was a result of purchase rush in the fourth quarter on expectations of tightening politics .
Well , you could change your Australian dollars into , say British pounds and then open an account . How does that sound ?
I think you should enlarge your circle of real life friends , and then the right person will come along .
Yes . We can put it in our storage room .
I'd like to buy a keepsake for my girlfriend . Could you make a recommendation for me ?
Sometimes , we , human beings , really had done something wrong , so we should admit it at first .
I want to help with both .
Do you miss your family ?
The problem is that many poor people might suffer .
Well , I ' m from Chicago . There few people take the time to get to know their neighbors .
That sounds delicious .
most people are working Friday night , so it's going to start around 9 pm .
Excuse me , I'm lost . Can you show me where I am in this map ?
Don ' t worry about them . They ' re very responsible . Besides , there are many people there and there ' s lifeguard employed by the hotel . Waiter ! Could I have another drink pleas ? Thank you . So , what shall we do this evening ?
I have some tablets for seasickness .
Well , I was hoping we could reschedule for early next month , Our trip has been postponed until the 2nd .
How do you mean " suffer " ?
IMPF Bank , Li Lan speaking , how may I help you ?
I think that many physicians now agree with that idea .
This isn't fair .
I see . I'd like to live here for about three years .
You are a lucky man . How about Mr . Smith .
What color would you prefer ?
Please wait a moment , Mr . Black . I'll have to check the reservation records ... I'm sorry , but we are expecting several tour groups to arrive today . They have booked all the rooms on the 10th floor .
Yes , in the Chinese style .
Come on . Let's split the difference , 15 % .
Not at all . A party is a party . I ' ll be happy to come .
Maybe you are right . Please take care of yourself when you make money . Anyway health is the most important thing .
It's your turn , sir . I'm sorry that you've had to wait .
What do I do next ?
thank you . goodbye .
No , I don ' t really like it . It ' s boring .
Could you please go lower ?
How about your communication skills ?
Okay . How much ?
Then you've got a lot of homework to do . You need to get her notice first .
I see . After all , he's boss's son .
I ' Ve met some of my colleagues already . I ' m sure we ' ll get on well together .
I'm not sure what kind that I want .
Awesome !
We ' ll send someone right up . But don ' t worry about that . Maybe the service person forgot to do it .
Yeah , that's nice .
Do you have the notes from last week's class ?
My pleasure . Take care and have a nice trip .
Tom is a kind guy , but addicted to gambling . He spends all his time gambling in the casino . And his wife can't put up with his incessant gambling any longer , so she divorced him . Is that right ?
You ' re lucky you start to learn it so easily . I learned English very late , and learned it all by myself . At that time we didn ' t have a good English studying environment . I have to keep my dictionary on hand .
You're not going to get up in five minutes if I let you fall back asleep .
Absolutely . Take my word for it .
How have you been treating it ?
Chicken soup again ?
How is your new car ?
I ' m so sorry , and I will pay much attention to it later .
They will tell you the aid is impossible .
Are you finished ?
Yes , or you'll be late .
Oh yeah ?
You'll find some of those here , too . But not if you don't shake it up ! There's an African saying , " If you can talk , you can sing ! If you can walk , you can dance ! "
What you're paying for , Ma'am , are the ingredients . It is a very high quality product .
No strawberries . We'll charge your amenities account , if that's okay .
Yes . If you put a few drops on someone's eyelids while he's asleep , he'll fall in love with the first person he sees when he wakes up .
Sorry to bother you , but do you have change for a one ?
No . It's on me this time .
Mary said that she was really pleased with the photography .
We certainly do . May I ask you the purpose of the rental ?
She ' s got tiny feet and wears really unfashionable shoes . In fact , she wears unfashionable clothes too .
That ' s true . We had an argument yesterday . She blamed me for not preparing the supper that day , but it was her turn to cook the dinner .
Yes , I have two large suitcases and one box .
He was by himself .
Perhaps I could interest you in chocolate-covered strawberries with the champagne ?
You ' re right . It is . Let me have a look . I have 419 . 6 RIB . is that enough ?
Yes , is there any vacant room for tomorrow ?
Let me look at the calendar . Good ! The twenty-fourth is a Saturday . Is he coming alone ?
That sounds like a good idea . Where should I go to eat that ?
I'd like to buy a pair of leather shoes .
Is that so ? I didn't know it . Can I possible borrow a jacket and a tie ?
I live here . I was invited by George-he's the tall guy over there . He looks a bit drunk , actually ...
well , Jerry , let me tell you a secret .
Oh , no ...
That's a good idea . Some of your ties are pretty outdated .
If I were her , I wouldn't marry a man I don't really love .
I bet it's May 5th .
Dad , where are we off to ?
What were the results of the game ?
Well , it's here now . Shall we credit that straight to your account ?
I have no problem singing like a canary .
How would you like your hair cut ?
Great . I ' ll have a shot .
Even though I really like it , it's just too modern for me .
Well , I hope you ' ll feel better soon .
Yes . I dare say it will be .
Yes , but I need the report copied on transparency paper .
I guess if I only have a few days , I should probably think about going somewhere that isn ' t far away .
You like that work ?
I have a sweet tooth . Chocolate is my favorite . So how about you ?
I'm not sure , but let me check my schedule ... Ah , no . I have nothing then .
Well , when summer comes , the weather is hot and the leaves turn darkgreen ; the sun is blazing and the air is threatening . No one would like to stay in the open air for long .
What's the weight limit ?
I know what you mean , Carol . I ' Ve had nothing but trouble with it . They say it ' s supposed to be easy !
I think someone is stalking me .
We've a country house .
Help ! Help !
Marry ; Mr . Johnson wants these documents to be copied .
What are they ?
Have you used any hotel services this morning ?
Looks like the TV wins that argument .
I can hardly make ends meet these days .
Most of them in this store are from Mexico .
I'd like to sit in the rear .
You can nod or ask questions at the right time to show that you have already understood or you are quite interested in his words .
Harry . He has been assisting me on the plan .
Thanks . See you at five . Don ' t forget to bring your valentine .
This first one , I have a question ... This graph is marking the sales performance for our line of hair products , right ? Can this line be right ? It looks like our sales plummeted . I can't believe we did that poorly ... If I remember correctly , sales went down slightly , but not as dramatically as the graph shows .
The operation was very successful .
She did ? Why didn't anyone tell me ?
Oh don ' t worry , I ' ll be fine .
It was about a married couple . They had to live with the wife's mother , because they didn't have enough money to buy a house of their own .
We make a lot of Easter eggs and then paint some designs on them . We'll also go to church and pray .
I like science most .
I'll charge it . Here's my card .
Eighteen .
Just take them for your good friends and have a talk with them as we do , make sure you don't lose your temper .
I guess so , but I think it ' s going to be hard to relate to my classmates , especially with the language barrier . I think I might change classes .
What did you think you were doing ?
I heard he's very clear about his likes and dislikes and he's not the type to just let things go , so don ' t provoke him .
Yes , I know , sir . I'm sorry .
Sometimes you can't win for losing , sir .
Yt looks good on the outside , but the inside is a different story . It needs a lot of servicing before it can go out on the roads again .
He still doesn't know that Santa isn't real ? How old is he , eight ?
Well , your qualifications for the job are excellent . And is there anything you'd like to ask about the job ?
My vote is my own private business .
I think if everyone pitches in , the world will be a better place .
What was wrong ?
How come you don ' t have all of his films on DVD ?
I ' m sure you have chances everywhere . You ' re handsome , talkative , and got a sense of humor . You must be very popular .
You are right . Did you say 5:30 ? I'll make a note of it . Fine .
But isn't it the same with wiki ?
Where shall we go on vacation this summer ?
Can you help me , please ? Is there a public restroom near here ?
I don't know why people are just mad about David Peckham . Is there really anything so fascinating with him ?
I hate to admit it , but they're good . And fast . The Filipino kid is a genius .
Hi , Tina , I've got good news . I have successfully passed the first two rounds of interview with ABC Company . They informed me to go to the final round next Monday . It looks very promising .
Hmm . . . well , maybe we can buy this one then .
Can I get a relaxer , too ? And why did you say , " You crazy " instead of " You ou're crazy " ?
We are all very proud of you .
thanks a lot Ayden . Every little bit will help . Tell you what , if you aren't doing anything tonight , why don't you come over and have dinner at my place .
I hope that you remembered to send in your last Continued Claim Form .
Oh , all right . I lost a bunch of money in the last two years , but this year has been pretty good .
What do you mean it should ?
You look really wiped out .
Thanks , but I don't want to put you into any trouble .
It is because of the quality .
Yes , madam , I agree . What size are you ?
Sounds good . Thanks for your help .
Thank you . I think I have to talk to the bank representatives . Thank you for your help .
So we can add her tip of $ 7 . 20 to the bill of $ 36 . 00 and the total will be $ 43 . 20 .
No . Thanks for reminding me .
Which child is this ?
There aren't many clothes , is your load big ?
Tina , you should have more nutritious food . Don ' t eat these crisps any more .
What a nice theatre ! I guess it can seat hundreds of people .
It's where I teach you Chinese , and in exchange you teach me English .
Steve , I was born ready ! I ' m going to blow you guys off the treadmill today .
Sure ! It's txyb@gmail . com .
Then the shipping documents have to be attached . That way , both parties confirm the documents that will accompany the draft and constitute evidence of shipment in compliance with the contract terms .
Well , considering our long standing good business relationship , we'll try hard to negotiate with our manufacturers for an earlier delivery .
Make sure to remind me right before you are absent .
Aren't there any trains before 10:30 ?
I'm sure he was off-side .
Yes , we are .
It's a little like being a mom , only I get paid for it !
For what time ?
Yes , it might be worth it . I am not certain .
Front Desk . What can I do for you ?
then SOHO is your ideal work style .
I hope you enjoyed your stay , sir .
She ' s your mother !
Verry sorry to have kept you waiting so long . What do you want , Madam ?
How much does a mango cost ?
You see , because we are often busy working , we eat too much fast food , and that food is very fattening .
Harris and Anne are perfect for each other .
Why are you always so mean ?
Yes , but we shouldn't get any thing too big . Remember it has to fit in with our living room furniture .
What are the seasons like in your city ?
For how many people
We are all going to have great interviews . What are some things that we need to remember in an interview ?
Yeah ! When I got my nose job I was black and blue for a week !
But it's a good opportunity to learn French .
I hate spending too much time at home . I get bored of it really quickly . I ' m always excited about going out to party or other social event and meeting people .
Do you allow any commission ?
I will let her know where you are .
So it is no wonder people cannot keep faith with it .
It's made from naturally frozen grapes .
But it's quite convenient for you to go to any part of the city . The subway is nearby .
I don't know what we need .
Are you still busy today ?
Yeah , my name is like N-A-N-J-U .
I wonder what we should have for dinner this evening ?
Well , I am kind of broke .
Yes , I did . It is a horrible movie .
Yeah , you are right !
I believe it will . It comes furnished . You can move in immediately after the lease is signed .
Sunny side up , please .
Very romantic .
I guess so . I don ' t have any other questions . Should I sign here then ?
Anyways , are you going to the party tonight ?
Then any cell phone can meet your need because they generally have memories of over 512MB .
Well , I'm an English major , you know . So I came here to make sure I'm taking the right things .
How long does the tour last ?
A friendly one . I think an open , friendly , honest relationship should exist . An employee should feel she ( he ) can go to her ( his ) boss anytime with any kind of question .
Our total for dinner is $ 36 . 00 .
was it very old house ?
Hi , Juliet , I'm treating Mr . Li and his team members from Galp to dinner tomorrow evening . Where do you think I should take them ?
What's this ? Essential oil ? Wow ! This stuff is expensive .
I don't see why not . We do have some problems , but we are still willing to work hard and wages aren't too high at this point .
I ' m sorry to hear that . Take care of yourself .
What ? I sent you three or four messages !
That ' s right . I ' Ve never really liked it since I got here .
That would be perfect . That way , someone will be there , but you will have them right away .
That would be great . I am really in the mood for a spicy hotpot . Any special reason for the invitation ?
The demographic reports are in ... From the looks of it , we're going to have to re-evaluate some of the content for our promotional events in different venues .
Your employer can tell you if you have been paying into unemployment and now qualify to collect .
Very useful advice , I will try them right now .
I'll look out for you about 2 tomorrow afternoon .
Oh , I get it . My email address is bluedog123@yahoo . com .
But in my case , the fact matches the theory . Mike is humorous , energetic , always as fresh as a daisy , but probably too ambitious . It frightens me !
No , I hope not . I want to have a deck chair and enjoy the crossing .
I am sorry to hear that you are not feeling well . How are you ?
Because you can see the results with the general public ?
Do you know how happy I am ? The Ant Kingdom is a perfect world with colorful fairy tales . It seems like the air is fresh here .
For me , the times of chatting online has gone .
What we usually do is find a suitable car dealer for you , who offer the type of car that you need . If it's a family car that you want , we have a very reliable dealer already contracted to us .
OK . See you at noon .
Give it to me . I need to use it .
Thanks doc !
Can I help you ?
How long it will take by sea ?
Hi , my name ' s Karl . My wife and I are moving in next door .
Oh , I wonder if she ' ll go for that .
If we built more roads , people would just fill them with cars again . I think we should discourage people from using their cars .
Do you have any hobbies ?
From his looks , I'd say he's a man of character .
Then you apply the varnish , which is very easy . It is like painting .
No I'm afraid not . I'm meeting Ruth then . How about the fourteenth in the morning ?
I'm still a student .
Did you watch the movie program on Channel 6 last night ?
Can you point out your mother for me ?
here you go .
I'm sorry . I'm attending a meeting at the Hilton then .
Ok , I'll find all the quarters and dimes while you sort the nickels and pennies .
He did ? That's too bad !
Yes , where's the meat counter ?
I want to travel to the ancient town in the south of China . Would you please tell me something about it ?
Did the police find who did it ?
I meant that they're very simple , easy to talk to .
Thanks a lot . By the way , please call a taxi for me .
How about seconds , Victor ?
Um .. I don ' t think so . I need the car tonight to pick up your mother .
Will you apologize to her ?
3 dollars .
That's nice and easy . Thanks for your time .
Not yet , Grandma , What's the matter ?
I'm used to this kind of days .
That ' s great to hear .
When can I see it ?
You mean 30 push-ups ?
Yeah , some places are very short of water .
Yeah . He has no one to count on .
I still like the olive one best . There's a tailor here who can take up the sleeves for you .
So , how'd everyone do ?
There're traffic jam everywhere this hour of the day !
Yes , certainly . I'll be back in a minute . Here you are
That will do . Where shall I go to pay the money ?
Could you please help me put my bags in the truck ?
Would you please reconsider ?
You hit the nail right on the head .
You are a woman after my own heart . I don't know many people who can handle spicy food . Are you sure you are up for hot pot ?
Let's go to the coffee shop then . It's quiet there .
The mag says she's 165 centimeters tall and 38 kilos . If only we could be that thin then ...
Well , who is your favorite football player ?
We have a team to make itineraries of the tour , evaluate the value of it for one tourist and recommend the routine for different tourists .
I ' d like to take this opportunity to thank you for everything you did for me .
Well , the minister at my church told us about it , and it seemed interesting . I thought I'd try it once , and if I didn't like it I'd stop .
Well , are you invested in some language-exchange program ?
Yes , they do . I wish we Americans had a better train system .
Right . And that would be a total giga-bummer .
Talk to him , try to cheer him up when he is down and if that doesn ' t work , I say get rid of him and get a new one !
Good . That would be very helpful . Can you start with those pages over there ?
Well , I live in the southern hemisphere , so our summertime is your wintertime , and vice versa . We get some rain in every season , but most is in winter . In winter , it sometimes gets cold , but our winters are usually quite mild . Summers are warm , but not hot . Spring and autumn are both very short-sometimes just a few weeks each . The weather is very changeable then-just like spring in your city .
Hey , let's go for a spin . You can try it out .
This computer isn't working properly .
Why don't you phone her for a date again ?
I got it . Thank you so much .
It's not my fault .
Oh , you're welcome .
Do you have a free moment ?
Yes . The police have come .
How long have you been in China ?
There might be some birthday cake left in the freezer .
No , they want a special essay . I must write an essay on a particular question they pose .
You are still wet behind the ears . You should have seen through her .
In the north there are many cities which are very cold in the winter . Boston and Chicago are two of them .
You are welcome , goodbye .
well , he should pay you back . It ' s only fair .
Thanks for the carrot juice , Mrs . Schmidt . I've got to run to class !
That's crazy .
I think that will work out just fine . It will help when you move your groceries in and need to keep them cold .
Yes and it is quite a big building so you won't miss it . There is also a small supermarket next to it .
I can't decide what I should do .
Really ! Did she tell you why she didn't show up ?
Thanks , but actually I was hoping I could ask you to write my biography .
Yes , it is on our list .
Electronics ?
Where is John ? I can't find him anywhere .
Do we still use the conference room in the same hotel as last time ? You remember ? I like that one .
What kind of live bait are you using ? Worms or minnows ?
He constantly lets inappropriate things slip out , referring to the women employees as girls or calling us sweetheart or darling . I doubt any of my male colleagues would stand for such treatment .
I see , we have explanation leaflet on the table . If you follow the directions it is quite simple .
Well , there's a department store on Grant Street . There are restrooms in the basement .
Are you sure ? What about Carl Lewis ? He won four golds , didn ' t he ?
Are you having any dessert ?
This is one of my favorite items .
Sure . Here they are .
Could you help me figure out how to look for a job ?
Um . It ' s delicious .
Do you like it here ?
Really ? Let me check it .
Are you sure that you didn't make that purchase ?
yes . Do you intend to order a la carte or will you be having our seafood buffet ?
I'm so excited . Finally , a yard of my own .
No . let me take a look ... It ' s longer than my car .
Maybe , but I think they are just for kids .
As a matter of fact , he is .
Forgive me darling . I'm very tired .
What are you primarily interested in about mechanical engineering ?
I would like to ask for one day off next week . Do you think the manager will agree ? I know it is the busy time for our company , but I do have some important things to handle .
How do you know ?
Oh , hello , yes , arm ... I've just lost my bank stuff .
Yes , I ' d like to activate my voice mail service please .
Document .
Fine . Let me take a look at his schedule . He ' s free on Tuesday afternoon at 1:30 . Could you come in then ?
Let ' s have a look . Mmmm . This doesn ' t look too good . I think we may have to pull out your wisdom tooth . It ' s pressing against your molars and that ' s one of the reasons you are experiencing so much pain
Don't worry . Let's check out some other schools .
Who did the stupid thing ?
Your friends and family are coming over tonight and we still need to get a lot of things .
I'd like to say good-bye to everyone .
I didn't like it . Not a bit . I couldn't stand the music . Besides the story was so boring that it put me to sleep .
I think instant coffee is becoming more and more popular . Though its taste is not perfect , it's really cheap and convenient .
No , there were too many people . When she got out of the car , her fans were all screaming , trying to give her flowers and to get her autographs .
How much is a ticket to Edinburgh ?
Why did you stay an extra night in Boston ? What happened ?
What do you have in mind ?
Can I see your ID , please ?
Yes , they have been concerned about me finding a job .
Who would you like to talk to ?
I love flowers you know . Thank you very much .
They'll be there in about an hour .
When have you been most motivated ?
I look at it this way , suppliers should be able to reduce their CIF price , even lower than their home price .
What do you mean ? You didn't ? Oh , no ... No !
I felt OK when I woke up , and then , suddenly , I had this really sharp pain .
There are 10 frames in a bowling game . Each player is allowed to bowl two balls in each frame .
Sir , each copy is ten cents or one dime , whichever you prefer .
My pleasure . Let's go and have a drink .
Ladies should wear professional suits , either classical style or free style . It would be appropriate to wear a little or no make-up .
I'm not completely sure if it really does .
The Taj it is then .
By the way , a cotton came off your shirt you gave me the day before yesterday .
Only about fifteen minutes .
I'll treat you dinner .
No , just the motorcycle permit .
I don ' t have that right now .
Yes , and I look many pictures .
Smiles and kind attitudes are the basics of acknowledgments .
Well , sounds very attractive . I just tried their vanilla milkshake last time , and it was really delicious .
I'm making a shopping budget , so that I don't spend too much money .
Sounds good . I want to go get some coffee .
Well , natural pearls are of higher value , but the cultured pearls have equal lustre and are just as beautiful .
There is nothing at all to worry about . Once you're in the air , it's just like sitting in your own living room . It's going to be a very pleasant flight .
Stick around and you'll get to know him better . He has a very unusual personality .
About how long will it take me to get there ?
You're right . Well , just these two , please .
Yes , you're right .
Most women love red roses for their birthday .
I'm Mary Kelly . May I ask your name ?
No , they stayed home and played cards with the children .
Have you heard of Tiger Woods ?
I think that I have .
It's whatever you're planning on cooking .
I won ' t be able to pay that right now .
I kind of wanted to see " The Secret Life of Bees . "
Sure it is . I am up to my ears as time expressed .
Oh , maybe I can take the bus or even rent a car .
Oh , they're both so beautiful . Let me have this one , I think .
Are all these helpful for the interview ?
Do you speak only English in the class , or does your teacher explain everything to you in Spanish ?
A boss likes him a lot . He says Jim is a good team player .
Good day to you . How can I be of service today ?
What budget ?
I play tennis there every week . Shall we have a game one day ?
Telco Mobile , how can I help you ?
oh .
I got them for forty .
Look ! Here it is !
Well , I think something must be wrong with my bill . I didn't have any laundry .
Exhaust fumes from vehicles cause a great deal of damage to the environment .
He ' ll be a teenager before you know it ! Teenagers are often rebellious ! When do you mine it is a good age to have a child ?
Good morning . I ' m looking for a one-bedroom apartment downtown .
Okay , I'll write it down for you .
Vince wants us to have everything debugged and ready to go by the end of the month .
No , not at all , but you must stay in bed for three days and take this medicine .
That's interesting . I will go with you .
I don't think Joe has done such a thing . Don't believe things in haste .
Will I know the results right away ?
There are a lot of them . In hot or warm days , tea helps to dispel the heat and brings on an instant cool with a feeling of relaxation . Moreover , the tea leaves contain a number of chemicals which are good for people's health .
I ' m afraid you ' re right . I chose my girlfriend because she has a wonderful personality .
That ' s unless there is a traffic jam . It could take three hours .
Here is my card . Can I have them delivered to this address ?
I didn't mean to . Things just kept taking up all of my time .
Here is the coffee , toast and bacon . Do you like fried eggs or poached ones ?
what were you doing when it crashed ?
My bad , but at least we know the right bus to take us back .
Hello , three-five .
Jim is a genius . He gets along well with everybody and he can always get the work done .
Hi , darling ! I have a one-month vacation saved up . How about a trip to Europe ?
It depends on the weather .
Which one ?
Make them with French dressing .
You saw a ghost ? When ?
I really hope that you didn't expect me to pay you for this .
Who is he marring ?
Yes , we're hopping on the bandwagon and signing up for the union . Mostly people are pretty happy about it ... I guess it depends on if you are in management or in the labor force .
I ' ll do it for you .
Maybe they forgot to attach it to the letter . You should give them another call .
that's a good idea . Wish you a great vacation !
Is it convenient and cheap ?
They're three hundred dollars .
Not at all . She's actually very athletic .
OK , folks , let's get to work . We need to come up with some ideas for the new essentials perfume campaign . This is a really big contract and we are under a lot of pressure here to impress the client .
Here is the change .
Oh , I thought you just gave an excuse on this note .
I think that I will mail it in right away when I get it next time , so I won ' t be late .
Cool , give me a pint of Heineken and half a pint of Bud .
I don't know . My wife used to speak French . I must tell her to brush it up .
Don't mention it . It ' s my pleasure .
By doing whatever is necessary .
I think we did .
When are you off ?
Can you describe the situation at that time ?
What would you like me to do ?
Why did you move ?
This is the perfect opportunity for Ecuador to get ahead in this match and become World Champions ! He gets ready for the kick . He shoots ! and he ...
I'm going to the hospital to see Susan .
We also check your spark plugs , fuel filter , and other oil levels such as hydraulic fluid . We also check the clutch and brakes to determine when you will need new ones .
perhaps I should have a try .
Hello , Jim . What was the film like ?
Ok , here is your bill , Mr . Remington .
Oh , so you're a teacher .
I didn't get it yet .
It's OK .
This is the rush hour .
Yes . Let ' s say Tuesday at noon . Bring your portfolio with you .
Not at all . You just need to provide your name , address , e-mail address , phone number and bank or credit card information . I will help you with that .
I'm on my way out to a New Year's banquet . How do I look ? Is my make-up ok ?
A girl he met on holiday in Spain , I think .
Hello , I would like to apply for a permit .
No , you can learn a lot from them .
Of course ! They use this machine with a needle that pokes your skin and inserts the ink .
I don't know for sure . When you get here we'll talk about it .
OK , and what kind of sports do you usually play ?
No dogs or cats or any other fur type animal , but other pets are allowed .
I love going to art galleries , particularly when one is holding an exhibition of abstract art .
Oh , I know Tangyuan . It ' s a sweet snack , good for dessert .
Sure , madam . I ' ll remind you .
To speak frankly , it doesn't depend on me .
The diagonal black and red stripes are really conservative though ...
The murderer was sentenced to life imprisonment .
I have a taste for something sweet .
Mrs . Miller , you are an old friend of ours . In order to encourage future business and as a gesture of friendship , we are prepared to cut our price by 5 % . Will that satisfy you ?
I can ' t let you do that .
Okay , here you are .
If your government invests in your country ' s infrastructure , it will be money well spent .
I would like to ask for four point five million Hong Kong dollars .
Do you know what color your wife often wears ?
Going for a walk in such a cold weather ?
8000 would be too large a figure to be used for a trial .
It ' s 134986
I feel like champagne , lobster tail , and filet mignon , medium rare .
I am so sorry to hear that . Maybe you should go to the information counter over there . They can give you some advice .
I thought leather shoes will do just as well .
That's very generous .
Fine . Here you are . Anything else ?
I'm in the kitchen ... let yourself in !
The usual guys , so you better use a sharp pencil .
It's up to you .
This city is really comfortable to living .
Thanks for being so understanding .
So that is product number MS2119 , Size
Are you going out again ?
I'll try to read one .
Tomb Sweeping Day is a traditional festival in China , on which many Chinese mourn the dead .
How about the dessert ?
There's a lot of evidence that suggest it will , but I don't think it's going to happen any time soon .
Come some time next week if you like . I think we'll have got some by then .
Sounds interesting .
You're absolutely right ! That's the very figure I like best .
Put on a sweater ! I ' m not gonna let you run up my heating bill just because it ' s a bit chilly .
Well , I guess the employee would feel more embarrassed and probably angry . Anyway , it is not wise at all to give a harsh time to your employee in front of others , especially strangers .
Well , it's an American company , you see . I'm worried that there will be too much red tape involved .
I want to have a trip to Sydney .
10 o ' clock in the morning to 2 o ' clock in the afternoon .
I am happy that you like the house . We should write down what we like so that we can remember it .
We'll go to the place . Could you book a table for 4 at 7 PM ?
The landscaping is wonderful !
Hello , this is Rich .
Well , Mrs . Wang , you must be aware that an irrevocable letter of cred it gives the exporter the additional protection of the bank er's guarantee . We always require L / C for our exports . And the other way round , we pay by L / C for our imports .
She seems to be quite qualified . If it ' s a personal problem , I ' d prefer it if you would work it out between yourselves .
Hi , Helen ! how is it going ?
Every country should face the history .
No , I don't think it could be . I checked the battery two days ago . It must be other problems .
What have you done ?
And we can take out a loan to pay the rest .
All under the precept of keeping the funding ? That stinks .
What about the foreign bank ?
Well , the national anthem has just been sung , and the umpire has started the game . It ' s time to play ball !
Is there a waterfall ?
Yes , do you like it ? I added a little extra lemon grass and some sea vegetables .
I really liked it !
Then one to New York at 10:30 .
Can you play baseball with me today ?
You've drunk everything , sir ?
I am fed up with Jack . He is so weak in dealing with other people and always eats dirt .
Yes , but I don't know much about it .
Well , of course I can ' t miss it . Which team are you for ?
Is this the right bus for San Francisco ?
Why is it taking so long ?
Take me to Hilton Hotel .
Goodbye and have a good flight .
Bye bye .
Would you like to see our new shirts ?
it was a good game , but not good enough to watch again . Keep surfing .
What an agile child !
No doubt about it . Shopping online will get more and more popular . It's a real revolution about people's consuming habits .
I'll remember .
That's right . But I don't think there are better ways .
Then why are so many crazy about it
In a cab you just pay what it says on the meter . I generally tip hotel porters 10 yuan per bag , but in first-class hotels they're instructed not to accept gratuities .
It is our pleasure . It has been a great pleasure to work with you .
When shooting a gun , accuracy is very important .
I can ' t stay here , though .
You really cared about your friend .
It's not only that she gossips , but she also tries to start problems among other employees by spreading rumors and telling lies about her co-workers . She ' s not trustworthy , and in my opinion , I think she's nuts .
Hello . May I speak to Mary , please ?
It ' s red and black .
$ 6 .
I told you not to forget to bring the letter .
Maybe I have an idea how it happened .
Yes , since I came to this company , I was told that high efficiency is essential for the further development .
I know . Maybe you will get the air if you go against her .
Aren't they cool ? I like the settings .
OK , you can stop now . It ' s time for the dance class .
And your Mom and Dad will buy you anything you ask for .
We charge a 1 euro commission on each deal . How much would you like to change ?
You have your own vehicle ?
No . They aren't .
Certainly . What time will you come back ?
Yes , I ' m here for an interview as requested .
Very well , sir . Do you want me to trim your beard ?
Of course , what evening will you be joining us on ?
Hey , Tom , what to go for a run ?
Oh , yes . That's just the one I want . I will take it .
You and Patricia got engaged , didn ' t you ? You can tell me .
The price is on the tag . How would you like to pay ?
It seems that it may rain today .
Wish him to be healthy soon .
Professional suits may be the best choice .
I want to try my hand at the stocks .
I don't think much of the film .
Right now .
The next train will leave at 20 : O5 .
Maybe all of us are the same .
What should I do , doctor ?
Here . Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down . I ' ll take you to the doctor ' s after breakfast .
Lately , I've been quite busy .
Tim , you are too good for me . You deserve someone who can make you smile and make you happy the way that you made me happy . Oh , I could say that I ' ll be all you need , but that would be a lie . I know I ' d only hurt you , I know I ' d only make you cry .
Certainly not . Take one of these white pills three times a day .
It depends If you are interested in the city . you might like to tour it by car I can be your guide , We'll leave the afternoon free . You can do some shopping in the mall if you like .
I think we should accept his plan .
Just so so . I am too tired . My company has been holding too many training sessions lately .
Now , sign your name on the back of the card .
It's filthy because you never wipe your shoes .
Good idea , especially at this price .
Can we get something to drink ? We want two bottles of beer .
Taxi ! ! !
Can you come back in three days for a fitting ?
I said I like pop music very much . It ' s so lovely .
It's a recruiting agency which specializes in introducing talented people to companies and businesses .
I can do the work of shop assistant and I worked part time in a small department store during my summer vocation last year .
I totally understand .
Here's your change .
If you want spicy food , then I'd recommend going to a Thai , Indian or Chinese restaurant . How about that Chinese buffet on Cowley Road ?
I feel so good . That warm hot pot certainly hits the spot on winter nights .
Do you promise ?
why don't you get it all fixed ?
I think I ' d go lonely if I do like that .
I don ' t think that there is any easy way . The united nations could send peacekeepers into the country . At least then the warring parties could be forced to negotiate . The thing is to find the real pro
how about at 6 pm ?
Because I don ' t think my husband would like it . Thank you for inviting me anyway .
how many subjects do they have to study ?
I don't want to talk about it .
You have good taste . Let my show you what I have .
Well , we ' Ve got several point-and-shoot cameras . These are all 35mm compact cameras with auto-focus and a built-in flash . We also have these Polaroid cameras .
shouldn't we make an appointment first ?
Alright . Good . I see you've already taken six credits of your breadth requirements . You have one botany class and one chemistry class . And political science . So that's nine credits . Did you take English Composition 201 ?
Well , you could never tell about the weather here in New York .
Thank you B for your time .
Any day except Tuesday .
We ' ll be eight or nine people . Could we book a private room ?
Math , sheath . What ' s the evidence ?
And what athletics did you play ? Can you remember ?
Do you ? Dad is in the study .
I got sacked today .
What's Donna like , by the way ?
Yes , I know . He's really on the A-list .
No . do you have a car ?
That's surprising , three days ago when I went to yancheng store , I saw different kinds of textile goods . I've bought some for my wife , some for my friends . they seem very attractive .
No , there ' s no need . Thank you all the same .
What kind of room would you like ?
Do you prepare some dessert for me ?
Laura .
Yes . But she is very busy right now . Can you call her later ?
Not at all ! That explains everything !
Anyway , there must be some solution . You know there are many people working illegally in New York .
You're the sales manager , but our sales didn't go up .
Oh , it's time for the weather reporter . Let's turn on the TV .
Great ! Then I suppose I'm looking forward to my first promotion , too .
It's seriously good .
I didn ' t , but I applied for an apprenticeship , and since I studied math , AND I have a good attitude , my application was accepted .
I bought a sweater from your store a week ago . It says size 12 . But actually , it is a size 10 . Can I exchange it ?
You were lucky to find it .
I can imagine ! I tend to faint when I see blood , so I think I won ' t be taking up a course like that anytime soon !
Thank you for the invitation .
I ' m sure we could get one or two tv companies to come in . Perhaps the president could invite them and do an interview .
You need to keep a minimum balance .
Good evening , I have a reservation under the name of Tomlinson .
The water will not drain .
yes , you sent them to New York , right ?
if life were easy , then we ' d achieve our ambition quickly and then get bored .
I think so , hopefully we ' ll have a long and a happy life together .
How long have you been lifting weights ?
What do you want to do ?
I ' m working here today .
You're hundred percent sure you want to eat here ?
Probably . The new owners will be coming to start alignment meetings nextweek . One of the big question is what to call the new conglomerate company .
What have you been up to ?
And then you ' re old man won ' t be beaten this time .
Let's hear the weather report later . What's the weather like in your hometown ?
Talent is a great thing , I wish I had one .
No , she bought them in the U . S .
I ' m sorry . Ms . Murphy . I ' ll re-work it . Can I give it back to you this afternoon ?
How often do you call to them ?
Yes , I'd love to . Here is a good one , Mozart and Beethoven . It ' s on the Festival Hall .
Come again ? What are you talking about ? Aren't we on the same team now ?
I would love a margarita right now ! That is what I am going to order .
Is everything okay ? You seem a bit preoccupied .
Oh , I ' m sorry I can ' t . because I have to do some housework . You can ask Jenny to go with you .
I ' d like to buy an inexpensive camera .
I think , maybe , it takes a real Kung fu master to give a more fair assessment ; meanwhile , I am no more than a beginner . But I really doubt whether kung fu would be of any great help when it comes to defending oneself in real life .
Yes , my name is Peter . I have made a reservation for a single room from June 18th to June 21st . I'd like to make some changes . The reservation should only be to June 20th .
So what should I do now ?
Hello . Holiday Inn . How can I help you ?
Are you doing anything special ?
I sure did .
You're right . The view is spectacular . But that bedroom is so small . We'd never be able to fit all of our stuff in there .
OK . I will be free tomorrow afternoon . I'll take a taxi to get there . See you .
Here is an application . Please fill it out to the best of your ability . Did you bring a resume and references ?
Yes , I've had a Current Account with a debit card with you for years . Now , I'm looking at upgrading to a credit card .
They are in the cupboard where you keep the gravy boat and serving dishes . Just be careful because the wine glasses are also there .
No , dim sum is more Cantonese style . But of course you can buy it in Taiwan .
I didn't do that .
I'm glad to meet you , Sue . Please have a seat .
where will I be staying ?
Yes , you do . There is a 300 RIB deposit , which we will refund when you check out . So , in total , you need to pay 1388 RIB .
I am so honored to hear that . Well , after staying here for several days , you must have some ideas about our company . We have been in the clothes field for many years , and yours brand is also well-known in the country . How about our cooperation ?
If you were to take on a double major , what would be your first choice ?
Are these all of them ?
Why have you decided to change jobs ?
just some water , please . Do you have any ointment for my nose ? It feels so itchy after blowing my nose so much .
If you don't mind , I would appreciate it if you would pick up my prescription .
Me too . How is your family ?
Just what I thought !
you'll love that . It's just a shot of espresso beans mixed with steam milk and some chocolate syrup .
I think I've looked everywhere , but I haven't seen a swimming pool here .
Because ... oh , all right . You win . Let ' s pay for them and go .
I don't like such a family .
That's true .
Can we make it 11:30 ? A customer will come to the office at 11 .
We haven't decided yet . Could you give us a little longer ?
There was a truck on the freeway , and it flipped over .
You like the food there ?
I'm sorry . When did this happen ?
It's so faraway .
I'm going out anyway . Get out of my way .
No , public schools can be very different . Even in the same city .
Really ? And what led you to this conclusion ?
No , I ' m afraid not .
OK . I am going right now .
Uh ... not normally . What do you have in mind ?
He was too desperate to find some other way .
First , the visitors to the site are encouraged to give their contact information . They can sign up for a free monthly drawing . Once we've got their info , it goes into a database for future marketing mailers and advertising targeting . Also , there are clear links to descriptions of our products and services , so as to give confidence to new customers . We also added a specific area for on-line customer service ... So far we've gotten a ton of positive feedback ...
Maybe it ' s just a rash or an allergy ! We can ' t be sure until I see a doctor .
Dad , I'd like to take a picture with the status .
That is very kind of you . I ' m just running out of glue .
Right . With the establishment of Internet and a lot of web companies , people are getting more and more dependent on the web .
That ' s it . I live there , too . I live on the sixth floor .
Yes , it's so cold .
That's right . They always talk about a need for new , progressive tactics , but they haven't done anything to stimulate new jobs .
Can you ride a horse ?
Well , it could be me too . But I am not too worried . This place is suffocating me with this boss being such a hard-ass and colleagues who barely know how to get dressed in the morning . It would almost be a blessing to be fired from this place .
How much is the fine ?
Channel Two . A TV series was showing on it . The name of the series is Huanzhu Gene
Clean up the mess first , then fit a new seal and check the valve .
So see you .
There ' s an interesting interview with a top fashion designer about the latest fashions . I enjoyed reading her thought . The which ? section is very interesting this month . They tested facial cleaners . T
Does it include bonuses ?
An impressive officer is vital to the image projected by the company .
But I ' m not in there very often . It ' s so noisy that I can ' t work .
I absolutely love it .
Yes of course . We can activate all these services in about an hour .
Oh , I am going to miss the people , the food , the night life . Especially the nightlife .
Really ? That ' s great ! Do you speak some Spanish ?
I'm done now . Do you like it ?
Sure . We try our best .
What is that ?
Yes , of course . We have enough productivity . You can rest assured .
oh , really ? I saw it two years ago . It's worth seeing and it's thought-provoking .
Please take a seat .
There were charges on my debit card that I never made .
It looks fine . Is this an inclusive tour ?
Thank you . I just consider working as part of my life .
That's all . Here's your bank card , and here's the certificate of deposit . Bring your bank card with you every time you come to deposit or withdraw money .
In Wimbledon - quite close to the tennis courts actually . Which is very nice because I love tennis .
I saw the whole thing happen .
Only for this reason ?
But how's the sound quality ?
How many courses are there altogether , please ?
Good choice . He is competent for the position .
Life is like a box of chocolates , you never know what you're gonna get .
The public schools in the United States are free to everyone and there is no cost to the student . In most states , even the textbooks are free . There are no restrictions as to color , race , or religion . Any student wishing to attend the public schools may do so .
I don't know . I'm pretty full . What are we having ?
No , that stuff isn't important to me .
Oh , I see . Fortunately government has taken some action to prevent such things .
Ok . Goodbye .
I only know him through the ... you are not gonna believe this .
Here's Copellini's , my cousin's store .
Oh look ! Here it comes now !
My name is Mary Jones , that's M-A-R-Y J-O-N-E-S .
Hello , is Doris available ?
Okay . I ' Ve signed it .
Yes , but I need to write it by next week .
Susan has already given me a list of all the stationery which we need to buy .
Really ! You live in Taiwan !
Worse still , he is trying to avoid me these days .
I see . I guess that makes sense .
In a word , you should keep decent manners in the interview .
Don't get smart with me . Here , do it again , but do it right this time .
Yes , I know . What's the fare ?
Yes , he's holding a bunch of books .
Not much . She is very tall and slim .
Which tests do you mean ?
$ 250 . It's Sony made in Japan .
They are our products . Please come in and have a look . This is the catalogue for our products .
Oh , dear ! I'll do well I can .
Should I take a look at your battery ?
Really , it was nothing .
Here ' s your ballot card .
I want to take out $ 300 .
Don ' t worry . We ' ll just get a doggie bag .
Excuse me , which way is to the post office ?
Did you ask his former sectary , Lora ? She knows a lot about him .
Not bad , thanks ! Our company has sent me to pick you up here .
My bumper is smashed in .
Hello . Gail Willows speaking .
It's a job I've been dreaming of since I was very little . I firmly believe that teaching is one of the most honorable jobs in the world .
August bride . How nice ! By the way , who is going to be the matron of honor ?
Can you call the owners with my acceptance right away ?
Yes , we really enjoyed it .
I ' m so sorry to hear that .
What kind of benefits are we talking about ?
Why do you plan to change your job ?
I can tell you what kind I like .
Once you get to Fair Oaks and Washington , get off .
Well . I will tell you what , Mr . Li . I will review the contract and talk with management . Then we will get together and hash this out .
Yes . You have to teach me the samba , and the tango , and whatever else they do .
He has a long head , I bet he will do well in his business .
Good afternoon , what can I do for you today ?
Look at what you have done . All thumbs .
Looks like a lucky day for everyone .
I'd like to see it for myself .
You're smart .
Well , maybe they've got a point . I mean , I suspect that they think the same about us .
I didn ' t get in .
If you lose your job , you just have to go for a few months without buying all the junk you usually buy . If you live frugally , you ' ll save plenty of money .
Well , your making cinnamon toast inspired me to go out and buy a waffle maker .
well , I still can ' t adjust to the fast pace of city life .
Ok , you're really all eyes when it comes to talking about food , aren't you ?
Yes , I'm looking for a job as a clerk typist in English .
That sounds like a plan to me .
OK then . I don't want to put you in trouble .
You didn't have to do that !
Certainly , Mr . Murphy . Could you come to my office this afternoon at 2:30 ?
Which dish do you like most ?
Do you have cold medicine ?
The final and mid-term are twenty percent each ; homework , attendance , and quizzes are the rest .
OK . I'll take it .
Sir , without happy guests , we are nothing .
like what ?
Teamwork is ok to me , and I hope the team will be complementary in personality .
Short on both sides . Not so much off at the back .
That ' s all right . Then see you on Friday afternoon .
Cool ! Teach me !
No , she hasn't .
But as far as I remember , you two caught on like a house on fire when you first met .
Thank you . I'm glad that you don't believe that your guests are liars .
It ' s been leaking for a couple of days now .
What's the problem with Sons ?
Next time you come back , bring your ID .
That's understandable . Well , rather than comparing my salary with someone else's , perhaps we could talk about my job performance . Surely you've noticed the extra hours I've put in recently ?
How old are they ?
I love just about anything by Prince .
I don't know how old he is though .
Thank you , Paul .
In the case , maybe facial charm should be his leading card . After all , the majority of his fans are girls .
Let me think a minute . I think I always try to take every chance to practice .
I don ' t know . Let me see .
In what way did those social activities have impact on your mind ?
I'm due to check out tomorrow , but I'd like to extend my stay by two days .
Do you drive a motorcycle or an automobile ?
Just take your clothes off from the waist up and put this gown on , with the opening in the back .
I hope you didn ' t forget mine !
Morning . I'm a new user of your credit card and I was wondering if I'm taking full advantage of it .
I had a nightmare last night and I dreamt Arden told me that my performance fell short of his expectation . I was terrified to wake up after hearing that .
OK . Dad ! I'm coming .
Can you speed it up and let me have it today ? I'm leaving tomorrow . I've been here for almost a month now , you see . My corporation is urging me to return . I've booked the ticket for tomorrow afternoon's flight at 3 .
Does she wear glasses ?
Maybe he is trying to find a job . When he finds one , everything will be settled .
Well , doctor ?
Well , apparently I ' Ve run up quite a bill . I was under the impression that the Junior Executive Holiday Package only cost 250 dollars per night . I ' Ve just been informed that it ' s actually 500 do
That is a fair price .
Is it ?
Yeah , I know . Shop till you drop .
They sell pizza and burgers at the cafeteria .
Guess who I saw yesterday ?
No . That's not why I raised my hand . I need to go to the ladies ' room .
Okay . I'll just be a minute .
Oh it was really good . Do you know , he ' s the nicest boss I ' Ve had here .
I would like you to meet my family . Can you come to dinner next week at my parents ' place ?
Good that he resembled his old , quick self .
You have to pay to use the copier .
I'm just thinking about that , but the trouble is , I don't know who is well in the know .
Hey ! A real cook gets down and dirty . Besides , I think I look good covered in baking mix ...
Red is very popular .
Wow ! Why so much ? I thought they were getting you an assistant .
It usually comes out about $ 40 a month .
I wouldn't do it if I were you .
Wonderful , I'll take them .
Yes , I'd like to make an appointment to see the doctor . My name is Randy Horn .
I'm more than happy having her in my class .
All right . Just five minutes . Be sure not to touch anything .
When you use the internet , be careful not to give out your email address very often . If you do , you might get a lot of spam-unwanted email from companies trying to sell you things .
I think I'll have the lobster . What are you going to have ?
We'll play the CD loud , is that all right ?
At Harvard . What about you ?
What should he have then ?
Thank you ! Guess how much it costs .
It's better for you .
Would you agree that the service is fast ?
That ' ll be most helpful .
It ' s infuriating . I have to be in Rome by five .
What's wrong with Sons ?
I didn ' t even think about that .
I'm looking for an engagement ring for my girlfriend . I have an idea of what she likes , but I want to surprise her with something special , too .
No , there aren't . I'm sorry .
That ' s a good idea . We could put up some posters in and around the campus with a list of events . It would be quite cheap to do on the campus .
Do you know how to skate , like a skater ?
Do they have a good team ?
Yes . Do you mind ?
Nancy , please turn the TV down .
I think it is confidence in himself and his products .
It would be best if everybody could be there . How about next week sometime ?
I can't , I have to go to the gym .
ok , let me try it on . what do you think ?
So I've noticed . You are putting on a little weight , aren ' t you ?
Yes and no ... We can't ask for a show of hands on who thinks he should be fired , but we can introduce a vote of no confidence at the next board meeting .
How long have you been learning it ?
Don't you like the sea ?
My hair is kind of dry and brittle ...
Mom ! I'll wear a helmet and I'll drive sane . I promise .
There are so many to choose from . I didn't know you could do all of this using a card .
Excuse me . Mr . Li . May I ask you some questions ?
She married Jerrod .
Yes . you need to be careful with what you eat when you're abroad . sometimes new food might disagree with you .
And they can deal with everything ?
As a matter of fact , I would like to work in South America . So some Latin language like Spanish or Portuguese would work .
Yes . Cantonese food is lighter while Sichuan food is spicy and hot .
But I said thursday . The tickets are for thursday evening .
You have always got your nose in the air , which hurts many boys ' hearts .
Yeah . That's just what is troubling John .
Yes , even in the winter .
Your dream will come true . It ' s really breathtaking .
Do you want the whole amount in traveler's check ?
Do you think that you should go to the Student Health Center ?
The usual time . Half past two in the afternoon .
Well , I hear David have been fired .
Well , what do you think about our very own hotel restaurant ? It is very upscale , with a three-star rating .
Yes , it helps me to relax .
Hey . Let's trade places one weekend !
Well , she apparently doesn't think it's so friendly . Let's go .
Leftovers .
How about the car-park space ?
Hey , Cindy , I ' m so sorry about yesterday . I shouldn ' t have yelled at you in front of everyone .
As far as you could see , is dining at a Chinese table a distinct experience ? To what extent does it differ from that in your homeland ?
I'm not sure . He just broke up with his girlfriend recently , and I don't think he's in the mood to start again so soon .
Come on , don ' t flatter me anymore . I took the job because I love being challenged . But I can ' t get this turned around without the support from you people .
Do Mona and Jim need a new house ?
Needless to say , as a Westerner , it's bread .
You can take No . 2 bus .
So the " Happy Birthday " song has been popular since then ?
Sometimes it is . But after working for a few weeks , it ' s easy to figure out .
Yes ! And there are more bargains . See these pajamas ? If you buy a pair now , you get this teddy bear as a gift !
I wonder how much of the city is down .
Yes , a low fever . I feel terrible . Am I dying ?
Hello . Mr . Zhang . It's Mary .
Yes , I did . There ' s an anti-virus programme with my email account that scans all attachments , so I ' m sure I haven ' t sent anything nasty to anyone .
Yes . What will you do this weekend ?
You know . The one with the silly art about how advisements have jump up and down .
I can just use my beach towel . I love lazing around in the sun .
He'll be right with you .
What are your qualifications for being a clerk typist ?
It was boring . Just did my homework and practiced the piano .
When I ' m home in the States , I go , but not in China .
I'm sure we will . Actually , we are looking forward to seeing the great wonder .
Oh honey , I tell you good news . The apartment I looked at today was pretty decent , around 120 square meters .
I will fix it for you .
I'll appreciate it very much .
Didn't I ?
Yes , but you will have to confirm this reservation at least two hours before departure time .
That's for sure . I feel like I'm melting .
Not at all . I don't know what's dutiable . Do I have to pay duty on things for my own use ?
6 million . You needn't pay the whole price at one time . You just pay 50 % in cash . We'll process the legal documents for you and then you can borrow the other 50 % from a bank and repay it in installments . We ask for only 1 % as commission .
Would you please put that cigarette out ? I get sick on it .
Thank you . But I don't think I'll bother .
Well , Mr . King is singing .
No problem . madam . But I think the red sweater is not colorfast . Would you like to have it dry cleaned ?
Sometimes you look like brains , and sometimes you are simple a Barbie Doll .
How many days do you take off for Easter ?
Your fees total $ 235 . 13 .
No , I've only got one . OK , thank you all the same .
Well , I understand that . Your request is approved . Remember to give my best regards to your parents .
That's great !
Do you usually go on a summer holiday ?
How sweet ! Maybe he was just a shy guy who had a crush on you !
I think I got it on Saturday , but it just showed up today .
It ' s fine . I am actually from Mexico . I was in China on a business trip , visiting some local companies that manufacture bathroom products .
OK . I'll be back soon .
Yes , I want to be her boyfriend . Just like in the movie .
Freelance , hmm . How do you think she will manage in an office environment ?
Goodness me ! So many choices ! I think I'll have a cappuccino please .
Your Rose is a fool .
Well , I ' Ve got the spread sheets you asked for , but I ' m still waiting on some data from accounting .
It's very good , and it's fresh too .
Yes , that's all in order . Let's get this processed for you , then .
That's exactly like my wife . She spends at least two hours a day on the computers discussing things ranging from stock prices to soft-ware standards .
How did you get it ?
I see an Open House sign over there , and I think we should go check it out .
We do have a storage space for your bags . There's a small charge , plus a deposit .
Would you change it to a new one ?
How much money can you spend ?
Do you like the Harry potter books and movies ?
Yes . I ' m on a diet , but I ' Ve not taken anything . I just eat less and exercise more . And it really worked in the past three months . I ' Ve lost twelve pounds .
Could you book it for me ?
Could you work for us in another state , if need be ?
Oh , I see . I think 90 days is more than enough time .
I understand your point , but we continue to have transgressions against human rights . If so much attention weren ' t devoted to the topic of animals , we would then concentrate more on saving a human being instead of protecting a koala .
Do you go to work by train every day .
Have you fallen in love ?
That sounds great . I'll bring a bottle of wine then .
I don't care about baseball . You know I need to practice for the chess championship and you promised to help with me if I washed the dishes for you last Sunday , and I did .
Does she make any sense to you ?
So , when are you going to inform the owners of my acceptance ?
Do you ?
There ' s been a growth in that field in my country too . A lot of people want to learn practical and professional skills .
But isn't it more expensive ?
Just hang on there a sec . Can I get a price check on Fun Times Ribbed Condoms please !
OK , OK . I ' ll do my best .
Loan me that tape recorder you have . And don't say anything to anyone until I come back .
Of course not . That would be racist .
From 7 to 9 o'clock .
I would like to plan a surprise getaway for me and my wife .
Right . I enjoy what I'm doing .
It ' s a small world ! May I know your name , miss ?
your office ? Aren't you a freelancer ?
Nice to meet you , Karren . I'm Tim Wang .
Do you feed rabbits ?
We're located at 132 West Street .
I only had time to visit Edinburgh .
Just fine , Karen . I ' m just taking a breather from all this paper work !
OK . Here are your receipt and your change .
That ' s the warehouse . We keep a stock of the faster moving items so that urgent orders can be met quickly from stock .
How much do you want , Mr . Chen ?
It's a problem . You'd better move .
Four . They are Loco invoice , FOB invoice , CIF invoice and Franco invoice .
I'm afraid not . I've promised my girlfriend . We're going to travel south to find jobs that offer higher pay .
Well , I've invited them for brunch .
And Roman really loves life . He knows how to enjoy himself .
Now , don ' t go losing your temper . If you tolerated all you can , just kick him out ... but do it with gloves . I know ! Tell him a white lie like you ' re getting the house fumigated !
I can help you with it
I'm not feeling well , doctor . I have a sore throat .
I'm looking for a necklace for my girl friend as a birthday present .
Are they clean ?
Sorry , he has just gone out now . Can I take a message for you ?
That's correct , Sir . The bank will issue receipt to you and also take care of all the pledged securities .
I love you home made apple pie . It ' s delicious . Can I have another glass of lemonade as well ?
Why ? Are they good ?
Our foundation is very high quality , only the finest ingredients . It will moisturize your skin and it has a sun block rating of 8 .
Weight ?
Have you thought about what your needs are in terms of size ?
Yeah . They were just sent over to your office . You should have them in about half an hour .
you are really happy and able to achieve high scores at school .
Show me your tongue , please . All right , stay in bed and keep yourself warm . I'll prescribe some pills for you to take .
Well , their team work is well worth learning .
Me too . Is there a place nearby that we can get something to eat ?
16 hours . Beijing is 16 hours ahead .
Sounds nice .
I think you're right , but it does seem that there are always a few co -- workers that are harder to work with than others .
Hi , Sean . It ' s Mary in Mr . Emory ' s office . I placed an order for 1,000 bound copies of a staff manual last week .
Take the subway . It ' s $ 1 . 50 per ride . You can buy a metro card at the station .
Cool . What will they think of next ? How much are they ?
I'm flying home on Sunday afternoon .
It's amazing . And when did he begin to play in the NBA ?
Sorry , I can ' t . My mother doesn ' t want me to be late . I really have to go .
Feed them ?
Thanks . Where is our car ?
Yes , the same as the one we have . And we also need some small articles in the office , such as pens , clips , erasers and sticky notes .
It's my geography , sir . The Map of Africa you set us .
Yes , I like inventive jobs and I am capable and responsible .
No , You can cut quite a bit off . I like it to be very short all over . Do you see what I mean ?
I really want to go to China for vacation , but I can ' t find a cheap plane ticket .
I don't know why .
Have you used your mini-bar since breakfast ?
Is this your first year in college ?
OK , I will register you with medical department .
Oh , I didn't know that .
That sounds like my cat . She likes to scratch the couch with her claws .
It beats me ! I never thought about it before and maybe I thought finding a career is a simple thing .
But as to me finding a good job is the most important thing .
Yes . I am looking for a pair of gloves .
What sort of pest are we dealing with ?
Sounds like you may be far-sighted . OK , then cover your left eye and read the chart in front of you .
Let's go for a drink after work .
Be brave . Don't worry . You will be able to walk soon .
It skips around .
I just checked in , and there's a problem with my room .
Bye now .
What stresses you out the most ?
Thought about what ?
Hello , John . How are you ?
She strikes me as being very sophisticated . Only the best will do for her .
He has extensive experience , although the guy ' s really deep , sometimes , it scares me .
I work quite well with a team . I ' m a good team player . I respect people , cooperate well with member ' s team . And I will do my best to help team members .
She's a lot like me .
OK . Let's go .
Good morning , room reservations . Can I help you ?
Go make a sandwich .
So you mean that you were the only brave one there ?
Yes , I do . I ' ll walk you there .
I told you we should have stayed in town today . The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow . Why did you want to come up here ?
Is it real gold ?
No problem . Good luck .
Morning .
I know Mark is your only child . You may do it differently from what I did . Sometimes I would tap their hands when they made troubles .
Yeah . How are you these days ?
$ 1 . You can get your photos instantly .
that ' s a good idea . After I get rid of the old clothes I no longer wear , I can see what new clothes I need to buy .
I ' Ve been to most of the countries in Europe , several countries in asia , china , Japan , korea , and Thailand , and to the united states and Canada .
You would have to order in excess of 10,000 units to be eligible .
You have a car ?
I have never shopped there , but I think Price Club is a kind of membership store .
Do you know that scientists replicated a sheep into an identical clone .
I have to work on Saturday all day ! I really hate my job !
Yes , in a monkey suit . It's adorable !
B :: All right . I graduated from the nursing school of Beijing Medical University . The nursing school offered such courses as nursing science , nursing psychology , nursing ethics , internal medicine , surgery , pediatrics , and so on .
Anthony , you were caught making international calls from the office phone , you called in sick in eight times this month and you smell like alcohol !
Well , I want to discuss with them the new control we said last week .
OK , pick up some cured meats to go with the wine . Maybe a pound of polish sausages , ham , liverwurst , salami and any other cold cuts that are on sale . I think I saw a promotion for pastrami . Also get s
Yes , I watched once .
No , I always cook .
Hello . Can I speak to Anne ?
What do you think would be the right amount to tip ?
Do you have the sensation of ants crawling over the painful part ?
Of course ! Of course ! Here you are . Thank you so much .
Please make a detailed schedule on the visit this afternoon .
No , you can take your time . Oh , I also want a manicure while I am having the perm .
Yes , of course . The guest speaker is Professor David of a University , and he'll be lecturing about The impact of the Oil Crisis on Latin America .
Okay , I'll take it . Could you help me gift wrap it ?
Excuse me , sir . I wonder if I could exchange the shoes for a larger one .
Squid balls ? How about some more fruit !
Good morning and welcome . How can I help you ?
I give up ! I simply can't learn French !
Is this the Customer Service Desk ?
Not really , no . We'd preferably like to live in a quiet street .
And he ' s bright and intelligent . I ' m sure he can pass the university entrance exam .
I am sorry to hear that . Would you mind coming with me to my office and tell me what exactly happened there ?
Oh , yes . I like playing basketball .
I appreciate you saying that and would like you to join us in our meeting .
How are they get paid ?
we finally took off , but about 30 minutes later , the captain came on the loudspeaker to warn us that there would be some bad turbulence for most of the flight .
I must catch the nine-thirty Train .
Let me see . The data documents with ' A ' and ' B ' are the drafts , and the ones with ' C ' and ' D ' are formal contracts . Do you know what I mean ?
I hope not . Then we'd have to reschedule our baseball game .
If you are better , but I doubt you will be .
Do you know what you want to eat for lunch ?
Excuse me , which one is of the highest quality here ?
It's kind of you to say . I feel a little stupid .
This position requires a high level of English ability . How is your spoken and written English ?
Do you like travelling ?
Do you have a same one in yellow ?
Do you have any luggage ?
Will they recommend me the class that suits me ?
What ? You can ' t be serious !
That will be perfect .
No , but I've got a headache .
How about going for a walk instead of sitting on the sofa reading the newspaper after dinner every night ?
Grannie always tries to stay fit and healthy . She is always making us kids eat the proper foods .
No , there's no charge for those .
there are basic decisions like which restaurant to go to . I can never seem to choose . I let my parents make big decisions for me . They chose my university and my course . I ended up studying something
It faces south with a hillside view .
Hello ! I need to make a copy of something at once .
OK . And who are you more like , your mother or your father ?
Your satisfaction is guaranteed , or we refund your money .
Once a week . Most nights I sit at home and watch telly
If it was sunning all year round there would be drought . You probably would not like it either .
Ok , you will be hearing from Mr Wood later in the afternoon then , Mr John .
Of course . You see , almost everyone has some kind of hobby .
Yes , my house is far away from here . May I ask for an apartment ?
Over here with the waterfall in the background , please .
Don't you have any luggage to check in ?
George , I heard our eighth generation computer is appreciated by the guests . They intend to sign contract with our company . You have done a good job . We are so proud of you .
So sorry , I don't mean to be .
No . You know , there are many schools and styles of kung fu . What we will perform is a set of Chinese shadow boxing .
Well , when the finish is dry , the table is done .
Well , the only thing you can do is tell the phone company and hope they fix it fast .
Yes , that's true . Still , it's hard to believe . Yesterday our high was only 50 degrees Fahrenheit .
personally , I quite like the new perfume by Clinique . It's a subtle flowery scent . What do you think ?
Hello , Debbie . This is Donald .
How do you do ? My name is Beef Hart .
Can you call an Ambulance ?
Show me a smaller pair of trousers , sir . I am not that fat , you see .
or because they are less attractive to to Chinese men .
That's the reason why you fought ?
what would you do without me ?
Your name , please ?
That's splendid . Can you take three pictures of me with them ?
Can we sit on the grass , darling ?
Yes , what sort of warranty comes with this stereo ?
Good . Tonight 8 o'clock .
They aren't evenly matched .
looks like you might like the soft sleeper then .
So then , why don't you drive it ?
How much is the rent for the apartment ?
Well , no . But I took related courses . I can gain experience quickly . I ' m sure I can do the job well .
I'm sorry . He's not in right now .
True , you are getting a really pot belly , aren't you ?
Yes , I'll be waiting for you in my home by 10:00 .
I am very happy , too . It was a big game and I won .
Oh ! It means that I'm going to take only a few clothes , so I didn't have to carry a heavy suitcase .
I've been searching for a while now to find a company that had a business model and corporate philosophy like yours . I am interested in working for a company that provides products and services to the K - 12 education market . My background is in this field , and my strength is in building relationships and solving problems . I am excited and interested in the idea of developing business relationships through e-commerce .
I hope not . We are getting closer .. two more ... one more ... it's our turn .
Yes . That ' s from 6:30 to 9:00 in the dinning room .
It seems that working in a foreign enterprise is not the same as I expected . Thank you for your help .
No , not yet . Can you find a good price there ?
The pants are on sale for $ 40 , and the belt is $ 25 .
Yes , we were lucky . My friend's father owns a resort on one of the islands , so we were able to stay for free .
When's the last time you had it serviced ?
This watch is supposed to be worn on your left hand .
I had a big argument with david yesterday . I hope he ' s not still mad at me .
And if we don't need them , we won't need Zina , either .
Oh dear . I ' m really sorry , sir . But you don ' t have any proof of purchase . You ' ll simply have to purchase another ticket .
Yes . It's a bit tight . Have you got a bigger one ?
Excuse me . What time does the next train to London leave ?
I ' d buy this if it were cheaper . How about 5 000 yuan ?
I really thought this was our stop .
That does sound interesting . How can I get this service ?
yes , I guess I should try to use it .
Just between you and me , I think he's lazy .
Yeah , Judy . I will be working for the Post Office . It ' s not a bad job .
That's all right . Enjoy your flight .
The signs always tell you how long you can park there and on what days . Do you know how to read the curb colors ?
12
Yes , I do . I ' m at home myself right now with nothing much to do .
Oh , hi Kim . How ' s it going ?
Well , I bombed my econ final and ended up with a 1 . 7 .
Well , it's true I've never driven two hours just to get lunch . But really , I think it's worth it .
Yes . Would you like a window seat ?
What concoction are you making ?
Do you have a history of high blood pressure ?
Listen to the sound of nature ! It's like music .
Dad ! Are you serious ? What ' s the point of having central heating if we can ' t use it ! Look , I can see my breath !
I'd like a Sprite .
It must be really painful . I remember when Josh and I broke up . I was crying for a week .
Well , according to your experience , perhaps you could tell me what essential qualities a personnel department office clerk should maintain .
They ' Ve just renovated the place . You may be surprised .
You mean this is going to be a regular thing ?
Listen , Karen , I need your help . I don't know anyone here yet .
That ' s bogus . I don't feel any stress at work , and my love life is practically nonexistent . This zodiac stuff is all a bunch of nonsense .
2000 Hongkong dollars per night plus ten percent service charge and five percent government tax .
Yes . How about going out and enjoying the sunshine on the grass ?
I have a taste for some chicken and potatoes .
How was your trip to America ?
We don't care about money . We'd like to have some good dishes of local specialties .
Why did you go there ?
Maybe you are right , so I will try my best to find a suitable job .
I want to find a book called Gone with the Wind . But I can't find it .
that looks lovely . Just one more thing---you need a pair of earrings .
I see . Thanks for your instruction .
Voting is easy .
Got it . I'll call you later tonight and we can talk about what to do on Saturday .
It gives me great satisfaction .
I took out a life insurance policy and made my wife the beneficiary .
This is a great meal !
How you tried this one ? It ' s very good and you can download it for free on the internet . You can also download updates for free .
It just makes my eyelashes curl upwards .
What does travel light mean ?
Oh ! I read this before . May I have another one instead please ?
Good morning , and welcome to our bank . What can I do for you today ?
I'm sorry , refresh my mind . What's different about a Type B Account ?
You know , art is something I've always been interested in ...
I think I'm going to look for another job . I need to find a boss that is a bit more sensitive and optimistic than my current boss .
Yes ? Anything I can do for you ?
No , I thought I would take it later .
What does that sign mean ?
Well , I have been in the computer engineering field for 6 years now . I am familiar with both hardware and software and with hands-on experience in system development including system analysis and design .
You look great . Your make-up is perfect .
He's cute ! He looks like Tiger Woods ! But , I can't dance ...
Okay . Let me do that right now .
I've got white wine , red wine , gin and tonics , ginger ale , lemonade , orange juice , and sprite .
No , I knew it all along . He was the obvious choice .
That's good !
How did he know that he had bad mouthed him ?
Can you go to the store for me ?
Could you hold my umbrella when I get my keys out , please ?
Very good . Basically , once our sales plan was put together , I had a great deal of freedom to handle my sales in the way I felt best .
By the way , are you married ?
What should I do with my legs then ?
Why do you come back again ?
Yes , it not only includes the nation's historical and cultural background , but also contains the nation's view of life way of life and way of thinking .
Um , me ?
Yes . I'd like to try Chinese food . But I don't know anything about it .
Would you talk to me about taking one of Dr . Miller's classes ?
Why are there still so many people overweight despite the current fitness craze ?
OK . Let's go American . Where's the nearest McDonald's ?
This truck flipped over on the 210 .
I heard you are now practicing underwater swimming , aren't you ?
It's only the rarest coffee in the world ! Didn't your momma teach you anything when you were growing up ?
Three nights .
Hey , your Chinese is coming along !
I think I'm going to decline . I just prefer to do my own thing .
How about stewed-fried steamed pork ?
It ' s time to go and I hope we can get together again soon .
Well , the cultural differences impressed me most .
Certainly . Where are you now ?
I am not !
Arm ... just the usual , Current Deposit please .
Wish me luck .
I ' Ve been thinking , and well , I think we need to start seeing other people .
Oh , it is precious .
Great , because I am really mad at William . I mean , what kind of an idiot wouldn't be able to appreciate a smart , beautiful woman like me ? Anybody who would be friends with that guy has to be really dumb .
Let ' s find out what time it starts .
About fifteen minutes . It's not far . Are you a stranger in New York ?
Most of the things were household appliance . You know , everything from an iron through a vacuum cleaner to a cooker . I think it ' s an excellent way for everyone who knows the couple to help them set up home .
So does it mean we're arriving on the same day ?
I'm terrible sorry . I seem to have mislaid your MP4 .
Just think of it as a hobby . Then it's actually fun .
I'd love to , but I'm broke . Maybe after payday .
Sure it is . This is a changing world . Does the training course cover the new law and regulation issued last month ? They are very useful for us .
Sure . What about the cloth over there ? It's in fashion .
I am sorry , madam . I didn't hear you . It's too noisy here . Could you please say it again ?
We would prefer 7
Hi ! How are things going with you ?
But what about parking ? You can't park on the street , can you ?
What ? But today is my birthday !
In other words , too much emphasis on it is undoubtedly to neglect the essentials .
Yes . But not including the utilities .
What do you think ?
Is that all doctor ?
That sounds interesting !
Come to my house for Thanksgiving ! We are having turkey , pumpkin pie , mashed potatoes with gravy , and lots of stuffing !
Well . You're the tour guide , I'll follow you .
I need some advice about my fixed deposits .
Just myself . What is the rate ?
I think so . Let's see the next one , 3,500 Yuan , summer program . Forget it .
How many places have you worked altogether ?
Oh , uh ... Thanks . Henry , do you have a light ?
And who do you sell to ?
Yes , we do . Here is your bill and receipt .
You carried it too far . You obviously offended someone .
Because you can use your bus pass as many times as you want .
All you ever do is have unhealthy fast food Pizza , fries , burgers and hot dogs ! You have to start eating better !
congratulations ! That's excellent news ? What do you have to do to get an unconditional offer ?
You are blue in the face , arn't you ?
Exactly . You'll find someone again . You should get your mind off of this . Let's go shopping .
I didn't think there would be a problem .
Yes . What did you think of it ?
We are able to do credit investigations globally . You have no need to worry .
Yes , it ' s L8V 4B7 .
How about this one ? It's our biggest -- 16 ' in diameter .
Because I can make many different kinds of pictures from one negative . That's more , but that saves money .
Great ! I would like to see cute pandas , too .
Excuse me , may I help you ?
What especially about the night life are you going to miss ?
Hello ? Ms . Patterson ? This is Bill from Workmate calling . I'm just wondering if you had a chance to look over the estimate I sent for your gala dinner project next month ... As I said in my email , we can help you with production according to your needs , but we will only be able to give insite management support services on a limited basis .
Good morning . How can I help you ?
Sure . All you need is your student ID card or admission card to check out books and read journals or magazines in the library .
There's a Kentucky's not far ahead and there's a McDonald's in down street .
I'd like to book two tickets for the film ' Jane Eyre ' for this evening , please .
That ' s great . How much is it ?
I'm so honored that you thought to ask me .
Were you so wild when you were still in Taipei , Sharon ?
Good idea ! I've heard that the Expo is doing pretty well now , and ads are seen everywhere in the country on all means of media , newspapers , TV , street signs , etc .
My dear , it's five flights up !
What kind of jobs are becoming popular in your country ?
Herman , why are you so excited ?
Well , uh , I'll let you decide that for yourself . He'll be here a little later . Here's our room !
Yes . I hope so .
Good afternoon . can I be of any assistance to you ?
That's OK .
I think a surprise party may be better . But I forget when her birthday is .
Fine . Do I have to show my passport ?
Tom , you're my good friend , right ?
It was entertaining in some ways . But in general I didn't like it .
Hi , Jimmy , good morning .
well , I've noticed that is a position available as a sales manager .
If you buy me a ticket I will go with you for sure !
Pardon me . Could you help me ?
Sure I can , my treat .
Yes , I knew I would make it .
Great , then we can add everything up and take it to the bank .
I tried that a few weeks ago and she ended bringing a pal from work with her ! She's so busy these days that it's just impossible to hang out with her .
Yeah . The final is next week . You have to watch it .
How long will it take me to get there ?
How about the repairs after the warranty expire ? Are you responsible for the fixing if the machine breaks down after the warranty period ?
Would you be interested in an exchange as opposed to a refund ? I think I can help you to find the appropriate size .
That really does not work for me .
What's your name please ?
Well , to tell the truth , I don't really feel like it tonight . I had a pretty hard day and I'm sort of tired .
It does . I've learned some Chinese folk songs this way . They are clearly presented and easy to follow .
Oh , I am sorry to hear that . I did't know that you had split up . What happened ?
Do I have a choice ? Uh . That's a no . What can I do ?
I just meant that she's got different taste .
Do any of the boxes have dancing figures ?
Hello , Green here .
And the bubble wrap ?
Well , Mike , nowadays there's much talk about nanometer . But what on earth is it ?
Good afternoon Sir . I'll have a look at the time-table for you . I'm sorry but there aren't any direct flights available .
Don ' t be too humble . Few young men could be equal to Mark . And in some respects Joe and Mark are neck and neck .
Is he breathing ?
Oh , you're kidding ! I thought I was heading east .
I'm not at all keen on this subject .
How do you spell your family name ?
Why not buy the sweater ? It only costs 30 Yuan .
Oh , that's a good idea . Perhaps I should have a try .
Very well . And my favorite subject is Chinese .
The works ?
Online chat ? Aren't you afraid of meeting bad people who pretend to be what they are not ?
When we get paid for this assignment , you get US $ 2 , TOO , and I get US $ 3,000 .
Now that we know what kind of music we will play , we have to decide what each of us will do .
Can you give an example ?
No , of course not . I ' Ve got a lot to learn yet . In the meantime , I just want to be a good secretary and not step on anyone ' s toes .
You mustn't touch the wet paint , Bill .
250 yuan , please !
What about 260 dollars ?
See you later , goodbye .
Yes , don't use the lifts . We have regular fire drills so you'll soon become familiar with the procedure . And always shut the fire doors to prevent the fire spreading .
650 Yuan .
I ' ll call you later . Bye .
Really ? It sounds interesting .
How many more fund units would you like to purchase today ?
Sounds like a plan . Let's meet in front of Tower Records at 12:00 .
We can help you find local information about available jobs and workshops .
Should I go now ?
Yes . Have you ever been in one of his classes ?
Does it include facial mask and massage ?
Sure . I think filet steak will be a good choice . It's the best local food .
Yes , ma'am . He died from complications of stomach cancer . I'm very sorry .
If you don't like beer , have you tried mixed drinks ? Some of them are pretty good .
Certainly , Miss Parker , Let me get my book . My secretary ' s out and I can ' t keep anything straight !
Do you want to order an appetizer first ?
Oh , honey , you made a mistake .
George speaks Japanese better than Frank .
Owl ! I've twisted my ankle . I slipped on that greasy patch over there . I don't think it's broken but it really hurts .
What ' s the first thing you do when you go to the bathroom in the morning ?
Do you have an appointment with Mr . Smith ?
Ok , sounds good . But I think it's your trick .
Chill out ! What's eating you , anyway ?
I think so too . I don't like him either . Well , who do you like best ?
No problem . I'll tell you .
I think one of my fillings might be coming loose .
It sure is , but I'm going to call HP first , just to make sure .
That was my fault . I'm sorry .
Tell me what you eat in the morning .
Of course . How can I help you ?
I am not certain about that .
Here is 200 .
Thanks very much . I ' m sure it will sell well . I can ' t wait to read it . Here ' s my card . Thank you for you time .
Do you have green tea perfume ?
Well , I live in the southern hemisphere , so our summertime is your wintertime , and vice versa . We get some rain in every season , but most is in winter . In winter , it sometimes gets cold , but our wine
That about does it . See you in a week .
Carrie , are you ok ? You seem a bit down .
Nice to meet you , Lean . My name is Alike . I'm from Japan .
It smells like an ashtray in here !
How much do you want to draw ?
OK . I'll take your bet , as long as the winner gets to pick the movie . What about you , Nick ?
Mmmm ... This apartment seems a little expensive . Do you have any cheap studios ?
Thank you . How is the light now ?
Then what leads you to think that we have to reduce our price ? Please tell me candidly .
Have you traveled by air before ?
But it's short already , sir .
Well , there are adhesive strips on the backs . You can stick them anywhere .
Yes . I commute five days a week by train .
Which one is this ?
I was just there a couple of days ago . You know , you should go down there too . They have a lot of stylish clothes on sale .
He may be injured . Yes , come on , call the team doctor .
What will you do for this Easter ?
Where did you hit it ?
Yes , he does but when he was driving up here last night he had an accident and was taken to hospital . So I am doing it instead . Mary , Must you go out tonight ? Couldn ' t you get out of it ?
I hope I get an easy question like you did .
Yeah , That ' s the one .
We've received some similar comments from other Australian firms too .
Exercised over and over . Exercise is a key .
Is that so ? I didn't know it . can I possibly borrow a jacket and a tie ?
Well , I can't help .
Yes . I wrote a thesis entitled On Interpersonal Relations in the Socialist Market Economy and it was published in China Daily .
That's OK . But you'd better take an additional course in some English schools .
How do you solve the website problems when you ' re buying something online ?
Maybe Europe .
Your left brake light is out .
I'm glad you're satisfied with our work . I can assure you we've spared no effort and spent quite a sum of money in pushing the sales of your products .
It is important to keep your mind up-to-date and active .
Do you know what exporters consider ?
So I should write my strengths in the introductory letter , especially those related to the work .
Have you got your e-mail address ?
Yes , I am . I'd like to be able to get around a little more .
They need to be there at eleven in the morning .
What are you planning to do today ?
Not much I can do . It's always there . I sometimes go out with some friends and drink , but that's only a temporary solution . The stress always returns in the morning .
Yes . Do you sell stockings ?
Yes , you're right . We have to equip our company with a network of workstations at every office as soon as possible .
Yes , I can do that this afternoon .
Me either . From the very first page , this author just pulled me right in !
I'll tell you something that's good about action movies . The special effects are great !
A growing keep-fit fever is sweeping over China .
I am sorry , there are so many travelers that all our tables have been booked on that day .
No . We have some that are different in style but not in color . They're over there . Do you see the sign ?
When did you form this hobby ?
You can still drive , without problems .
No , it ' s 3725019281 .
What kind of movies do you like , Sue ?
No , there ' s no need .
What are you buying ?
Linda , it's really late . Let's call it a day .
Sorry , sir . This is the last one we have in stock .
The pleasure is all mine .
Yes , the language is a part of culture . It reflects a nation's character .
If you don't mind , let's make it a little later . What about three or four ?
Certainly , madam . The deepest place is two meters but you can swim in the shallow area , which is only l . 4 meter in depth . We have separate locker rooms over there and they are free of charge .
Do you have any other symptoms ?
Yes , I'd like to know how to send money to France .
How would you like to pay for it ?
But you did it and did it well !
Will this do ? Your major is not related to banking , as you know .
Isn't this the Whites ?
How about this fruit ?
Perhaps I could ask my husband to teach them foot ball or some thing . He watches too much tv too .
Yes , I have . In fact , I had worked for a foreign trade company for nearly two years , where I established business ties with several firms .
Would you mind telling me how old you are ?
How'd you miss it ?
it was nice of your boss to give you an option . My boss would never do that .
It needs to be back on Sunday night . Can you arrange for that ?
Don ' t your relatives visit other relatives ?
Your room number is 707 . Here is your key . The bellhop will help you carry the suitcases to your room . Have a nice evening !
What happened to you last night ? You didn ' t show up .
If I think of famous people , I think of Abraham Lincoln .
What a pity . Are you likely to be getting more in ?
Do people in different departments get along with each other ?
An Ethiopian restaurant ? Whoa ! I always think of starving people in Ethiopia .
Come on , what have you got to lose ?
Could you talk about it in detail ?
Yes , my friend Steve . I'll introduce you .
... and maybe that's what we both need .
Leave a deposit ? Isn't leaving the luggage enough of a deposit ?
What if old people are in poor health and need to be looked after ?
Then does that mean the other churches are corrupt ?
Oh , really ? Do you know which company it's from ?
I don't like peppermint ice cream .
Really ? What happened ?
Yes , we did . Do I pay you or the cashier ?
I'm glad you like them . They are all made of silk . Here on display are all the most popular and favorite products . What items are you particularly interested in ?
That's all . Thank you for your co-operation .
Come on . Let ' s walk there .
I ' d like to try traditional Chinese medicine . I heard it really works quite well if you know what you're doing .
Why aren't you doing your homework ?
How do you do ?
From last night ! I took the left over turkey , mixed it with some diced peppers and onions , added a little bit of mayonnaise and made some sandwiches !
Yesterday . He suffered from a serious disease . When he saw the red light , it was too late .
Let me give you your confirmation number . It's 7576385 . I'll repeat that , 7576385 . Thank you for choosing San Felice Hotel and have a nice day . Goodbye .
Thank you . What will the blood test tell you ?
That's incredible . I can't believe it .
Oh , and it's out of paper . Do you have any more ?
Did you finish typing yesterday ?
I've got to get dad a Father's Day gift .
I had to mail in an absentee ballot .
Come on ! If one of your friends was getting married I wouldn ' t mind you going to her bachelorette party !
Traxi . taxi .
I hope to go there someday .
People who are honest , dedicated to their work and have integrity .
No , but I have database programming experience and network knowledge .
What have you been up to , Johnny ?
I ' Ve looked over your resume , ms . Jane . I see you ' Ve already have quite a lot of experience in secretary work , could you tell me something about your talent with that company ?
Let me see ... my right arm ... oh , to the east .
But you didn ' t tell me in the interview .
About 7 thirty .
Check with somebody from the IT department . They are anyway in charge of the office electronic equipment .
What do I do here ?
I am not cheating . When you pass go , you collect $ 200 , Everyone knows that !
I don't know . I called the police as soon as I found the lock broken .
What is the temperature today , do you know ?
Ok , I won't keep you then .
Never mind . You can follow me . I'll sing the first part .
So Kevin , what is your type ?
OK , I'll go to your office at that time .
Here ' s your library card .
I've gotten a few parking tickets before .
Hi , Shelley . Have you had lunch ?
Then I bet he's really good !
Oh , my bread !
Yes , would you leave him a message to call me ?
A little , I wish I could do that .
But watch this ... it bends upwards , just like Dilbert's tie . There's a wire inside .
I visited the First International Flower Festival in the city last year , and was impressed with so many beautiful flowers !
I ' m glad you could find time to meet with me , Mr . Johnson . I can ' t think of a nicer environment for our meeting today , the ambiance here is lovely !
Might I suggest a Mac ?
Well , it still hasn ' t reached its destination . I wonder if you could track it down for us . Mr . Reynolds is a bit concerned .
I usually don ' t have time for a bath in the mornings , so I just take a shower . Sometimes I need a cold shower to wake me up and sometimes I need a hot one , especially if it ' s winter and I need to warm up .
I'm feeling down .
Too bad . I really like it .
Excuse me , sir . I've made a tough decision and here is my resignation .
Here is a tourist guidebook . You can look it up in the book .
That's all right . We ' ll get used to it . Besides , it is quiet up there .
Not yet . Oh , Madam , this item is no longer on sale , and this goes on sale tomorrow . Will you take them ?
How long have you been here ?
Excuse me . How much for a two liter bottle of Coke ?
What happened ? We're all expecting you , Hans , Dick , Archie ...
Are you still hungry , Ryan ? How about some more squid balls ?
Yes , I am expecting some money wired to my account from Taiwan . Would you please check if the money available yet ?
Let me see . Now the workers will have to work on three shifts for it . Well , we can manage it on 20th September . That's the best we can do .
Ah , this is my daughter's birthday present . Her birthday is next week .
Now , how about going for a swim in the sea ? We shouldn ' t sunbathe all day .
there just isn't enough affordable housing to go around . If only the housing cost would drop , fewer people would be in financial trouble .
Where is it located ?
Smoking if possible .
That sounds good . How much is the tour ?
There is so much information and I advise to read newspaper .
Please open the black case .
Have you turned on the air-conditioner ?
You said it , not me .
It's mild , but it's not always pleasant .
If it were up to me , I ' d prefer to go to Pizza Hut . The toppings are much tastier .
Yep , my own special blend ! You can tell by just smelling them ?
You know that fruits and vegetables are very healthy foods ?
What can I offer you here ?
Exactly . It reveals the dark side of the all-American meal .
I know . But I just can't stand her butting in when I was trying to emphasize a point .
has your computer turned back on yet ?
You spend two weeks with dad in his ambulance as an EMT trainee and volunteer at the emergency room for one month .
The old page was okay , alright , but there wasn't a big influence in our sales volume , because the site wasn't developed with an eye towards the marketing aspect . Now it's different . We got our marketing department team in on the action , and the results are smashing ...
Balista , pull me a ristretto .
Sir , I've finished your shaving . Wow , it takes years off you after having a shave .
I enjoy having your daughter in my class .
Oh , please ! I have no idea .
No , I'm afraid not . We only accept our own store credit card .
Hi Anna , come in .
So he said he'd sell me one for twenty dollars . A four-hundred-dollar camera for twenty bucks .
What we can do is to assign you a customer manager , that way you can just deal with him . You don't need to deal with anyone else .
No trouble . I enjoyed helping you .
Let me look at the timetable . Shakespeare meets Monday , Wednesday and Friday at 11
Oh , here . I ' m afraid it ' ll be difficult to repair .
We have six .
Yes , I have .
OK , here's your question What movie won the 1996 Oscar for Best Picture ?
We do have a few fog days in winter . But I would not say we have a lot of fogs . The sky are usually clearly in your city , are they ?
I ate a burger just the other day .
I've had enough .
A white one , please .
It doesn't matter .
You know you didn't .
it's 0-7- 7-8- 7-3- 6-7- 6-8- 8 .
You will stand over here up against this plate .
The ones that are on sale are from Central America .
It sounds like this is going to be authentic Mexican food .
I have found it quite different here from China since I came to the United States .
Well , I ' m still not sure what you ' re asking me .
I've also been busy .
Yes , she did a little . But you see , Americans are different from Chinese . You can ' t depend on your own mother to be a full-time babysitter . She could baby-sit only once or twice a week . That ' s it . I had to care for them most of the time .
I'm not sure . It could be the tires . Let's stop here .
Look after yourself . Bye .
That ' s all .
No , it isn't very cold at that time . You'll only need some light wool clothing with somejackets and shirts .
Mom , did you feel the earthquake this afternoon ?
OK , these are a very nice pair of leather shoes with a two-inch heel so they are very comfortable .
Hello , 8520388 2 .
Your sister said you fainted three times during the injection .
Morning , Mom .
Mom , is there anything in the fridge I can eat before dinner ?
OK . Here is the money .
Uh-huh . What else do you want ?
Thanks lot .
You should present the best of yourself in order to achieve success in the interview .
Do you often do exercise ?
What about the one on the Yellow River Road ?
Romantic ? I am afraid I like thrillers better .
OK , sir . Here is your bill . That ' s $ 1000 all together .
Take my word for it .
Do you have any hobbies like playing tennis or things like that ?
Have fun getting ripped off !
That sounds like a great salad .
Well , as you probably know I buy from a selected group of suppliers and don't , as a rule , deal with new people .
Maybe make-up would be enough ?
Let ' s see ... " Wanted
Why are you cut up recently , Nancy ?
Please do . I'll be waiting for your reply .
well , we ' Ve had to add that to the contract because we found that many of our employees were taking almost one sick day a month , even though they weren ' t sick .
The air-conditioning is already off , madam .
I am sorry . It's not allowed . If you do want , please go to the smoking section . It's in the back part of the plane .
Sure , what kind of shoe are you looking for ? We ' Ve got strappy sandals , sleek high heels , edgy pumps , or if you ' re looking for something a little more practical , we ' Ve got Mary Janes , ballerinas .
Good plan . What should we get for Mom though ?
I like that one over there . Can you show it to me ?
Right , we have located a business partner in Seoul . The first contact proves to be successful . The general manager of South Korean company has scheduled to pay a visit to us next month . I think it is quite possible to set up a joint venture company with them soon .
No , thanks . We'll come back later . May I reserve a table for two ?
No , Ah ... single sellers .
You are welcome , Jack . Glad to be of help .
Really ? Do I have to do it ?
OK , I got it .
Yes , that can be done here . Just make sure you keep the exchange form and the receipt and you can come back at the end of your stay and we'll be only to happy to change it back into foreign currency .
That doesn't justify your violation . May I see your licence , please ?
Let me get a hamburger .
Let me see . teetee Training School , summer program , 3,000 Yuan , learn how to drive within one month , and get driver's license within three months .
It's not raining , darling . The bench isn't wet .
Sure , did you receive the sample we sent last week ?
Are you saying that all my results were normal ?
How many copies am I allowed to make ?
Wow ! You are much skinnier since the last time I saw you .
Yes , you should have .
Why do you want to be a teacher ?
I see . Did anything else happen ?
Of course . They will be used at anytime before or during flight .
How do you like you dishes today ?
I think you are looking at the wrong line . The rapid drop in sales wasn't our hair products . You are correct , the hair product sales decreased slightly , but not dramatically . The one that didn't do so hot this month was the cleaning products . I think there was a problem in the marketing plan . Some people were offended by our advertisements for the cleaning products , but it was already too late to mitigate the damage , so our mistake shows up in the sales .
I'm afraid the cardboard boxes are not strong enough for such a heavy load .
I'm in the Personnel Department .
Mom , it's OK . I will buy a big car one day . It is faster than the bus .
Don ' t worry , I will teach you how to win .
Promise you are not going to be angry ?
Could you fill out this form , please , ma'am ?
At what time ?
But what do most people think about it ?
You can ask her out for drink after work .
We prefer they are on same floor because we have a problem check late that night .
Hum , Edward Norton , or something like that .
He is a bootlicker . I suppose that is because he is quick on the uptake .
Repair service , how may I help you ?
Please send me your background information before the meeting so I can look at it .
I'm figuring out my budget .
It's 90 dollars in all .
You are asking the right person . Here are two very important tips . First , you need to visit no more than one site to find the best products and prices . I can recommend you some online merchants . Second , write your mail address correctly . Otherwise , you can ' t receive your delivery in time .
I hope so . I'm looking for some material for a paper I'm writing , and I'm not quite sure where to look .
Wonderful ! I'll start packing our suitcases .
Mom , don't worry about me , I can do it .
But I can't move the cursor at all . My screen is frozen . What should I do ?
Hello . I have a reservation , under the name Lee , Leo Lee .
Yes , I will introduce the itinerary in detail .
I don't know ! The picture went blank all of a sudden . It's probably the picture tube .
The aroma of roasting coffee beans .
I ' m sure you do miss that type of cooking . But can ' t you try to get used to Western food ?
That's good , but I think it's too late . She hasn't studied all semester , and I doubt she can catch up in one week .
I hope that the test results show me to be really healthy .
Would you wrap it for me ?
Okay , which ones do I need to take ?
Great . The bed is exactly what I have been looking for !
Did you notice the characters on the lanterns ?
That's the charge for insurance I see on my pay slip each month , right ?
Where did you say ?
I dislike it most .
This one suits better . I will take it .
How long is the layover ?
Oh , the telephone lines were damaged by the storm . They repaired them yesterday .
Oh , you men ! You are all the same .
I like listening to the classical music .
Yes , very . I thought the last speaker was especially good .
How are we going to get there ?
Great ! Oh , one more thing , don't forget to check the weather before we go . I'd hate to get caught in the rain .
OK . I close my mouth .
Oh , it's unbelievable . She is such a chain smoker .
You are a graduate , right ?
For where we live , that is really inexpensive .
No problem . No problem at all . Say , it says here in your resume you studied in California . Great place , isn ' t it ? I studied in California myself . I really enjoyed it . What did you like most about California ?
Okay . Is all going well ?
I'm glad that you could get back to me so fast .
Certainly . If you want to make a local call , dial 10 first and then call the number you want .
What ' s he doing ?
ah . That can wait . Your promotion is the best news I've heard in a long time !
Did you go to any illegal website ?
Well , all the passengers and crew members landed on their feet finally .
Cool . Then I can just throw everything in the dryer for an hour and it ' s all set right ?
I ' Ve being kind of been having problems being out of breath . Can you look at that ?
I almost always make either a beef roast or a chicken roast with asparagus , parsnips , peas , carrots and potatoes on Sundays .
Fill it up . Super Unleaded .
What are you planning on making ?
OK . I want to make an omelet , so actually this is really silly , I've never made one before . How do you make an omelet ?
Oh , I didn't think of that .
I want to leave . We've already been here two hours .
Ha-ha . Last night , I only told him practice makes perfect .
I need about four pounds .
Do you want any sugar ?
How is your English ability ?
Not all jobs pay into unemployment insurance , so their employees cannot collect benefits .
He has come to life in the end .
Perhaps you have caught that bug that is going around .
it was over food . I simply wanted some fried chicken but she said no .
Please pay the registration fee , 10 Yuan .
Don ' t you see many parents are forcing there children ' s hands to learn something they think important to their children . But the children are not interested in it at all .
Thank you . Is there a special rate for a group reservation ?
You've got it ! But are we coming back for the music , or for the fruit ?
I go to bed when I finish my work .
Usually if your white count is off , the doctor suspects an infection .
I'd be happy if I got a rise .
Now , close your eyes . ( Mum closes her eyes and Steven puts the present in her hand . )
I can't remember , but I've got the receipt somewhere . Would you like to see it ?
Really ? Maybe I should work for you .
That ' s not a big problem . There are many small schools for adults like you who can study to be certified .
Meeting new people is a good thing .
Some of them are of the latest style . Now I have a feeling that we can do a lot of trade in this line . We wish to establish business relationship with you .
Well , I think we could be saving more .
I am just getting behind this screen . You need to take a deep breath , hold it , and then breathe normally .
Of course , here you are .
Yes . It was just when I was walking in the park . I saw some children with a newspaper .
Yes , our prices are negotiable , but our quality is not .
Okay . I will try it . I suppose it isn't reasonable for me to refuse to go in . After all , gay people aren't afraid to go into normal bars .
Email is not always the best form . I think QQ is way better .
Here you are . You look younger in yellow .
It's ok , that's life .
Pity we didn't catch it .
I see by your resume that you have been working ?
You're right . That movie is hilarious .
I told you the truth . According to the contract , if you fail to honor the contract , we are entitled to cancel it .
Fifty yuan .
Well , you can't compare a small balcony to this large veranda . This is perfect for having a barbecue in summer .
Thank you . I will .
How much will it cost ?
Well , it's not as good as my French . I can speak it reasonably well , but my written Spanish isn't very good .
Thanks . I'm going to go take a nap .
Yes . I'd like this shirt to be dry-cleaned .
It must be strange for you to live in Taiwan .
I admit that she is much prettier than Kate .
I didn't notice . I don't really even know what I ate .
And the doctor told you to start listening to Bach ?
How many different varieties of products do you import from China ?
Yes . And I would like to convey my thanks to you for your help during my stay here in Nanjing .
maybe if I sold my car now , I wouldn't be so tempted to use it .
Let me see . That one goes for $ 17 .
Well , I need to polish up my English .
Sounds good . I'll see you then !
Wow . You look great .
I'm just a beginner . Did my poses make me the butt of jokes ?
Duh ! He's like the hottest and most popular guy at school ! Come on , dad ! Please !
Part-timer ? Is that a new buzzword ?
Not where , what . Dutch means you both pay your own way .
I ' m not sure where to pick up my ballot .
Are you doing something on Saturday evening ? If not , welcome to my new apartment .
Merry Christmas to you !
But you ' re in China . Are you planning on going home for Christmas ?
What colour is her hair ?
I know . I've even worked up a sweat .
I know . They ' Ve already sent back two approvals I sent them . Where do I sign ?
I simply can't bear your barbaric behavior .
Hop in , I'll give you a ride .
You rolled a four . Let's see ... you landed on Foreign Films .
I want to apply my knowledge and experience to a challenging position and finally move on to management level .
Does it bother you when you eat something really sweet ?
Are you alright , Ethan ? You don't seem to be as cheerful as you normally are .
Would you like to go with me ? I ' m afraid of the hospital .
What color is it ?
I don't believe you can make it when you meet your Mrs . Right .
Let's go and buy one .
Could you spell the surname please ?
Hey , Karen . Look like you got some sun this weekend .
Have you a garment ?
Do you know your credit score ?
Don't underestimate his taste . I don't think he'd like it .
Excuse me . Does this bus go to the National Library of China ?
I am supposed to go to Liu Ichang .
Will the electricity and water be on , or do we need to do something to get it turned on ?
I was just as shocked when I found out .
I watched the screen display !
You mean you haven't arranged any car .
Yes . The stimulation mask promotes blood flow and will firm up the skin . You can also choose to either get a hand or back massage as well .
isn't that the chick flick with Kate Hudson and Owen Wilson ?
What do you mean by a cast ?
Yes , it is . Kelly ?
Fine , we will make sure that we send you all of the information that you need . See you there !
That sounds ridiculous . Why ?
We may travel by sea .
I'm glad I could help .
Yeah , you are right . But I have to stay for another day for observation .
We're on clearance sale now . Prices have up to twenty percent off . Do not miss the chance .
Go to Gate 56 , the plane is now boarding , you must hurry .
Ok , good luck , Jessica . By the way , if you ever need a letter of recommendation , I would be happy to write one for you .
Welcome to the National Post . How may I help you ?
And look out she's dressed .
Fifty dollars . What is the exchange rate today ?
What are your plans for today ?
What ? It ' s only 9p . m . Now . Why today he went to bed so early ?
Will you be checking in any baggage today ?
Hmmm . Not good . They ' re too tight . The length is right , but the shoe is too narrow and it ' s pinching my toes . And there ' d be no room for my insoles . You know what ? I don ' t think I have the patience for this today . They just don ' t make shoes like they used to . I ' ll come back another time .
Here we are this is my favorite place .
Excellent choice . ( He brings her the pie . After she finishes , the waiter comes back . ) Would you like anything else ?
Hello , Tom ! Do you have plans for this evening ?
The problem is that I find all of them are full of fun . I just don ' t know what to do first .
So he had the boxes wrapped in plastic .
That ' s unbelievable .
It's clogged and water won't go down .
Hey Claire , you've been really quiet these last few days . Is something wrong ?
No , thanks . I did not notice it has been dark outside . I think it is time to dinner .
What can be done then ?
Yes , I agree with you .
It seems that something is praying heavy on you . What ' s the matter ?
Come here and I will measure you .
We planned our wedding for next May .
What !
So when did this happen ?
Yes , he was . I'm not imagining it . Finally , just when I got home , I turned around and looked at him . He was just standing there . He didn't smile . He just stood there . It was so obvious . What should I do ? I'm so scared . Can I call the police ?
Whoa ! Who said you got the job ?
What are you saying ?
Would you like me to help you on your new project ?
No , I haven't . I've decided I ' m going to travel very light this time .
Uh , are you sure about that ? I thought espresso was an Italian word .
about 7:30 .
How sweet of them ! I have to work in the day time , study at night , and do housework during my spare time . I really hope I have eight arms and legs , like an octopus .
Certainly ! I suppose you dance often .
do you believe in UFO's ?
No , I'm afraid not now . I'm too busy .
Where did you see it ?
I just can't decide where to go . It's not an easy decision to make .
most some drinks have too much sugar in them .
That's okay . I'm here a little early . Is it possible to check in right now ?
Because I've already proved it . Smoking's the easiest thing in the world to give up . I've done it hundreds of times !
I'll have the 5 o'clock one . What time do I check in ?
Their flesh is soft and juicy . It has a citrus taste . It's sweet .
So , let ' s get started . tell me a bit about your educational background .
China provides the bulk of our product inventory , for sure . We import more than 40 different items from China . Most of the imports that come out of China are low-grade plastics or toys . Japan produces many electronic exports , Germany produces excellent mechanical exports .
Eight altogether .
Do you like cooking ?
Oh , These are exactly what I ' m looking for .
We submitted two designs to our buyers , this one and one with the mug indented to form a grip . They chose this one .
Of course , easy . No sweat .
Whenever you are given added responsibilities , you should get a promotion .
besides , it ' s not difficult to learn yoga . In fact , I can teach you a move that ' s supposed to help you fall asleep ! You just have to sit down like this , bend over and breath in deeply .
I know it is a crucial position , but I can do it well . So I'm asking for 200,000 Yuan a year as a starting salary .
I can see it . The bus is stopping . I think we will be able to go inside .
I was told to take a look at it this afternoon and take care of all the paperwork .
Do you know what kind ?
Oysters , please .
Sorry , sir , you have to pay in the check-out counter . It's there .
We ' re going to the Dragon Boat Festival tomorrow . Feel like coming along ?
Bye . Take care .
Hmm . We don't exactly have the best seats in the house , do we ?
It's a butterfly---everyone in her family has one .
You got it ! In a sense , it has become a byword for Chinese sport .
This kind of school is good at helping people to improve their Chinese .
Yeah , I guess you're right . I think the trust game was my favorite . I think in order to have a strong team , we've all got to learn how to trust each other more .
I want to make sure I bring enough money for my date and I .
really ? so you don't have fried food at all .
Keep them until you ready to give me the application and you can turn them all in at once .
Yes , indeed , People say he's the smartest young man .
I would like to plead not guilty .
Of course , as long as the card is well kept .
Welcome to our Colonial Tramcar Restaurant , ma'am . Where would you like to sit ?
You can choose a short-term or yearly rental .
Yeah , yeah , I know , it's totally cliche , but really , I think it's been a good decision . I've got a lot of support and good suggestions from the guys . What about you ? What have you been up to ?
Most of it is . You should sign up .
Yeah , I guess I should .
I guess I'm adventuresome , but then I'm scared too .
I know it is . I don't know how it happened .
What's your last word as to the delivery date then ?
I hope you can stay for dinner . I need a guinea pig !
No , nobody .
Good afternoon , Peace Hotel , what can I do for you ?
I want to be an English professor in the future . I love studying literature , and I want to teach it .
What if I said no ?
Well , as a rule , the contract will become void automatically , if both sides do not agree to renew it when time comes .
With ice , sir ?
How about dinner tonight ? My treat .
That's right . what's the flash memory of your old mp3 ?
Yes , I didn ' t finish work until 9:00 pm .
how did you do on your BELTS exam ?
I was also accepted into Yale University , and Sydney University .
Well , when you have that , you can take it over to the bookstore . Can you find it ?
As you know , China has a single-child policy . Therefore , there ' s just my husband , my daughter and I . What about in your family ?
Richard Zhang .
Hi , Sue . What's up ?
Oh , you are such a dog !
I'll just take it out to the street tomorrow morning .
That should give us time for a cup of coffee . I'll go and get some .
How about the price of the hardcover ?
Would you like to go to a party tonight ?
Please drop it at the front desk when you leave the hotel .
It sounds like a good idea .
It's because of the way the steam and boiling water are pressed through the coffee . Es-PRESS-o , get it ?
Then you're not going to go to sleep .
What kind would you like to open ?
Yes , here is your reservation . You have a standard room reserved for two nights . Is that right ?
Unfortunately , it isn't . VISA or MasterCard will suffice , though .
Certainly . The customer is always right , we are here to serve you . Is there a reason that you would like to return it ? Did you have problems with our product or services ?
Of course not . If you're feeling bad and want to let your emotions out , you can just say whatever you want to me .
Well I am used to that , Mr . Parsons , so that ' s not really a shock for me .
About one week .
Glad to meet you . This way , please .
Are they different from other companies ?
I'm not very particular about the design . But I want something of good quality .
Can I get your phone number ?
I won't say who , because I'm not sure yet . But I'll know soon .
Sure . You can buy almost anything you can think of .
I'd like her to have a change .
Sure , people do that when they are drunk . What about the actress ?
The tall one ? Sure , that's Drive , he works with Lily .
Are these things negotiable ?
And here is Buckingham Palace ! Look , isn't it beautiful ? It is much bigger than I imagined .
The Canadian rock singer ? But I heard you had a part-time job yesterday . How did you see her ?
It's a traditional family . It may be too large to live well .
There ' s problem with my bank statement . There ' s a mistake on it . I also need to withdraw some money some the ATM .
Great . What about having a formal interview on Monday next week ?
Britain is half the size of france , but great Britain is still one of the largest islands in the world .
actually , I've only got a two-seater . I'll have to go on my own .
Really ? Do you think English is that important ?
Hey , Zina . You're here early today .
We do charge to use the machine .
You'd rather lose to WebTracker than do things my way ?
Do you want to visit any tourist spots in the city ?
Oh , here comes a bus !
I'd like to start at 3000 yuan a month .
Well , Mr . Zhang , you must know , what we need is a capable accountant , and we won't have enough time to tell him some other things .
Stones ? I know many people collecting coins and stamps but stones ?
Does it make a difference ?
I certainly can try ... No ! It went straight through the wickets .
Get some eggs , milk , and bread .
Well , if it is elevated , you might have an infection .
I prefer my margarita on the rocks , please .
Let me tell you . First you must buy a ticket .
Just two months ago . There were very big celebrations and there was a spectacular fireworks display . I took part in the great parade myself .
You'd better get on with your homework ! You can practice on Sunday .
Ah ! I get your point . We have just what you need . Our Jinyuan apartments have several floor plans . The one bedroom apartments are very economical , but their layout makes great use of a small amount of space . I think you can find the right apartment there .
Who stands out in your mind as a man or woman of sound character ?
He always likes to say something as if all his geese are swans .
Could you tell me how to use the library ?
What do you have ?
I see . Thank you very much for your advice . Bye .
No , I didn't . And you ? Was it good ?
Excuse me . Would you like a drink before your meal ?
You like horror movies ? I don't like them because they're too scary ! I like comedies because I love to laugh .
It's OK with me , but we don't have any beer and things .
Have a nice Thanksgiving !
You've made a good choice . This china tea set is unusual . It was made in Jingdezhen .
It's a branch of the Bank of America in Beijing .
Have you done any work in this field ? What have you learned from the jobs you have had ?
Hi , Rose . How ' s everything ?
Oh , do you go hiking often ?
I've called you a hundred times today .
This is our first day of class . It ' s better for us to introduce ourselves to each other . Who would like to begin first ? Any volunteers ?
How do you do , Mr . Zhang ? I'm glad to meet you .
I'll miss you too , my friends .
You're just jealous .
You're welcome , sir .
Maybe I'll try that store out .
Yes . I'll have a room free next week .
He never came .
You ' re kidding . We ' ll never make it across in one piece ! Let ' s cross at the light .
Monica Tang .
What are we waiting for ? It's already 7 pm now . Let's buy some drinks and desserts now .
I'd like to speak to the Ms . Collins , please .
I took a few diving classes , but I didn't really like it , so I did snorkeling instead !
I like to open up a savings account please .
Have a seat over there . How are things going out in the office ?
Hello , could I make a reservation ?
I am glad you enjoy it . I will tell this to the chef . Would you like some more beer ?
Do you want to mail it by air or sea ?
It was great ! How was your year ?
How long will you be staying , sir ?
I propose a toast to the health of everyone here and to the success of our negotiation .
Are you really ?
I am good at tennis and skiing . What about you ?
Good morning , sir . How may I help you ?
Yeah . I worked about 20 hours a week in a pizza restaurant .
As a graduate , it may be more important to develop myself effectively in my future work . And whatever job I may take , I will make the best efforts .
They are puzzles . It's a tradition to solve the puzzles on the lanterns during the Lantern Festival .
Well , they are very nice you know .
Well , take care of yourself .
Hi there Mr . Anderson ! How are you on this fine morning ?
Thank you for your help .
Yes ... I wouldn ' t recommend it .
I'd like to buy a tapestry to decorate my new room .
I ' m Rose Teller . I think I ' Ve seen you somewhere before ?
I ' m happy to hear you say that .
Li Lei , can you tell me what the origin of Easter is ?
Could you fill out this application ?
Certainly , sir .
So what's the problem ?
You can talk with him .
Yes , it is . This perfume just arrived yesterday , and it's the latest products of Chanel .
You're right . Life isn't always like the movies .
No , that ' s May fifth in Spanish , James , no wonder you are failing my Spanish class . No , May first is International Workers ' Day .
It's just the right size--a perfect fit ! I'll take it . Oh , no , I'm a little short . Did you bring your credit card ?
How can we get in touch with you ?
You ' re not nervous , are you ?
Hi . What's up ?
I get a business address at an expensive location , and I can share the receptionist and secretary with other offices in the same floor .
What about your parking spot ?
Oh , yes . Laura ' s the oldest . She ' s a computer programmer .
Grangerfield is like a dozen miles away from here .
I see , that sounds like something she would have really liked . I am sure the memorial service will be tasteful . You are doing a great job .
Fair enough !
No . The bookshelf is full of fashion books .
My date is quite sophisticated . She would expect nothing less than the best .
You should attend a department meeting every Monday morning . There are other meetings for people working together on certain projects . Department heads also attend an interdepartmental meeting each wee
Oh , sorry . There is a pencil behind the cup .
I have to do some shopping .
So what do you think of the American fast food culture ?
I'd like to try the chef's special .
Their interest rates are usually quite high . It ' s a good idea to pay off your credit card debts before they attract interest .
Doesn't look like it to me .
Where are you going for lunch ?
Oh , did you ?
Come on . It is worth waiting . Their cheese burgers are really popular . Once you have it , you will love it .
Sure you can . Several of the banks in London , such as the National Westminster Bank and Barclays Bank are in a position to open letters of credit in yen . They'll do so against our sales confirmation or contract .
So I can attend conferences and do business on that visa ?
well , we can ask people to make small contributions .
Where did you visit ?
What happened to this one ?
It's in the South of China .
For the past eight years , I have been working in the banking industry . I have a solid understanding of accounting concepts , an analytical mind and a strong attention to detail . I've had a lot of customer service training and experience , and I have been told that I excel in this area .
Oh , man . I had the best supper last night . My wife made a stir-fry and it was amazing !
Chill ! I'm just curling my eyelashes .
Why don't you get it all fixed ?
Well , how do I put this ? France is a terrible team .
See you tomorrow .
That's not a bad idea . How much is it ?
So , what are you saying ? You ' re breaking up with me because I ' m perfect ?
That's what friends are for .
Only in this way can you leave the interviewer a good impression and achieve success .
Welcome to our school . If you need any help , please come to me .
Let me go get it for you .
That's quite a lovely weather .
Toss a coin to decide then .
This one .
But they are a little tight , They Pinch .
I see . I will take 9 bags of sugar so that I can get 3 coupons .
Yes . Thanks .
You look very young . How old are you ?
are you serious ?
Oh , it's the Beijing 2008 Olympics ' Emblem . It's a Chinese seal , meaning that Chinese people warmly welcome the friends from all over the world .
sure . Would it be alright if I brought a few friends ?
About ten days ago . I ' Ve tried to use it since then . Sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn ' t . it ' s very frustrating .
I hate computers . Sometimes I think they cause more trouble than they're worth .
I haven ' t seen you for several days .
Good morning , Madam , can I take your order now ?
Good morning Mr Smith . My name is Susan and I am a reporter for the Evening Star .
OK . Shall we go to a bar ?
if we don't hurry up , we'll miss the show . Should we take the bus ?
Excuse me , madam ! You parked in the handicapped spot .
You are booked on the A943 on 16/11 at 17:30 pm to Hong Kong with Cathy Pacific .
The class on Monday and Wednesday will be fine .
One time , I tried garlic ice cream .
That sounds good , Fred !
Is English pronunciation easy or difficult ?
It's the best seller everyone's been talking about for the last six months .
so you can speak Chinese ?
they look delicious . I think she'll be pleased .
You should've been done already .
The ref calls the players for the kick off , and here we go ! Ecuador quickly passes the ball to the midfield , but , oath , it ' s out of bounds .
My name is James Owen . I ' m Manager of Sales . How do you do ?
Yes . That ' s fine . We can book you a private room for up to ten people at that time . Could you give me your name please ?
That sounds like a good idea !
Yeah , I think we have met somewhere before . That ' s right ! We met at Aaron ' s place last weekend ! What a coincidence ! But anyway , I ' m glad to see that you ' re not too badly hurt , and I should probably get going . I have a nine o ' clock meeting .
Well , I guess for $ 400 a month I shouldn't expect an all bills paid apartment .
Alright , so I'll see you then ?
Doesn ' t sound like that ' s be fun , then . Do you want to come here ?
Look ! It fits you perfectly . It looks great on you and has your name on it .
Oh , I think I should try to read one .
I can ' t vote on Tuesday .
Sir , sir , are you all right , sir ?
I need you to help me set up for my presentation Thursday morning .
As much as we can .
So what does that have to do with this position ?
What is your favorite kind of music ?
And is she helping him ?
Could I get back the sweater you borrowed ?
What's your nationality ?
so you're a big fan , eh ?
I know . But I couldn ' t help .
Awesome , we went to Australia and New Zealand .
And so ...
That's not exactly a conversation piece . It's so plain .
Mr Moon , how good to see you again .
That's it ?
My I have your name , please , sir ?
What type of movie is that ?
Mr . Sellers ? It's Steven speaking , your tenant . We've just suffered a power failure . What should I do now ?
Is the place well-furnished ?
How many rooms are you looking for ?
He joked later that I was so poor that he had a kind of impulse to protect an ant .
It sounds good but , there is just one problem . I have a terrible credit score .
You can't pay your fine without your ID .
There is a warrant out for your arrest .
Oh yeah and decorating the house too was colored paper and pictures . they will put a Christmas tree just inside the front door , pained toys and colored electric lights along the branches and plays all the gift packages under it .
Hello Greg . Yes , that's correct . You see , we have just acquired a new partner , the transaction is huge . It's to be signed next month , and we would really like to have some clearer information about them .
How do you want to your mustache trimmed ?
Excuse me , could you tell me how to get to the school clinic ? I've lost my way .
The mangoes are on sale today .
He asked me out to a dinner tonight . How about joining us ?
Just a minute please , Mr . White .
Pretty well , thanks . We ' Ve just been incredibly busy ! I need to set up a meeting for Mr . Graham .
Yes . I like it very much .
I'll take one right now for seven dollars .
sure I am . I work for myself , but I've rented a virtual office at an office building in the downtown area .
My mother-in-law just went into the hospital in L . A . Hank and I will be flying there tonight .
Hey , John ! What do you think are the main causes of war today ?
Do you like shopping ?
I know I need to learn that myself , but I just don't have the money for it at the moment . Living at home allows me to save up some money before I started finding a place .
Well , sir , I know some of our customers are concerned about cruise control . But Honda has never had a single cruise control malfunction that led to an accident .
The building is quite new and well constructed . I ' m happy with the fittings too .
There are a lot of papers !
I am afraid so . I am terribly sorry !
Almost 30 % of the consumers can ' t accept the price . Maybe we should lower our price a little .
Our son is gone and my heart is gone too . I don ' t know how to spend the rest of my years .
What kind of work are you doing now ?
Let's see , can I get some fried zucchini , please ?
I've found a nice place in this district . Three bedrooms , a large kitchen .
What's the problem with your internet ?
I ' ll just have to put up with it .
If that's the case , we can talk about it first . What's your concept of a big amount ?
If you sort out all of the paperwork today , you could have your loan by the end of the week .
you must be joking . You can't fall in love with someone you've never met !
Yes , my old friend Hanson lives there
About 80 million dollars .
But we're going to spend so much money in furnishing and decorating . I think we could get a much cheaper place that's already furnished .
Excuse me , sir .
Oh . In that case , I'll pay cash .
Yes . We are kind and welcoming people . It is not a secret society or something like that .
Then just press the black button all the way down .
Settle down , Elvin . If you're not careful , you'll give our plan away . Zina's smart , you know .
Cook it over a high flame , so that it will be ready quickly . Keep stirring the meat around the frying pan . Don ' t let the meat stick to the bottom of the pan .
Pot ? Isn't that marijuana ?
Can you working under pressure ?
He didn't treat you that well either . Maybe you don't want to hear this , but I think you can do better .
It ' s L-e-e .
Ok . Thank you very much .
Fine . Here's my receipt . I'd better be able to use this anywhere in the store .
Please come in , Mr . Jackson .
Oh ! Thank you ! It's very kind of you .
Hey ! Man , put your earphone out . I said which song you are listening to .
I was there between 88 and 90 .
I was in the bank during the robbery .
It ' s severe punishment , I think .
we need lots of things . I ' ll make a list . We need a bag of sugar , a loaf of bread and a crate of beer .
So it's like you want me to be your eyes and ears into the industry . I can do that , provided the company I'm working for isn't hurt .
OK , I think I've got it .
Let me check the list . Yes , we do have a reservation under Mr . Tim .
Yeah . I have got much pressure in the company . I have tobe wrapped upon my work .
Wrong number ? Are you sure ? I called yesterday and she was there .
What's the temperature today ?
sure . I'll just have a bite .
It's not your birthday , also not mine . Hey , come on . Just tell me .
Yes , goodbye and keep in touch .
Do you know this is a Onaway street ?
What are some other places where I might look for work ?
Maybe . I know I agreed to go with you , but now I don't feel right about it .
Hurry , the movie is coming back on .
That sounds great . Give me a call next time you guys play .
Just go to the ticket office in the subway .
OK , so now the last point on our agenda . Jill , let's go over the profit and loss statement .
All right . What kind of room would you like ?
not really . I wasn thinking of maybe going to a movie . Do you want to go with me ?
the more , the merrier !
will that be all then ?
Here's the picture of my family .
This seems to be my size .
Hey Jack . What's going on ?
My aunt says her company is in need of an assistant now , and she wants me to give it a try .
do you have any other symptoms ?
Mary , I will have an interview tomorrow . I am so excited !
I like almost all sports , and I enjoy both playing and watching . I especially like tennis and mountain climbing .
No . I won't let you ride a bicycle late at night .
Me , too . What did you have in mind ?
That ' s ok . If you could just bring it in tomorrow , I would appreciate it .
How soon before this goes through ?
Oh yeah ? Tell me then , smarty pants , how will you go about setting up your garden ?
Thanks . Now fill this out .
You have 16 balls on the table , 7 solid colored , 7 striped colored , a black 8 ball , and the white ball .
Yes , even her mom .
Thank you . It's a pleasure to meet you .
You had champagne for the girl .
That's pretty advanced .
I'm glad to hear it .
Your own kids would get Suzy's cold . I think it would be better to have a good babysitter here . But I don't know who to ask . I need someone more mature than Jill . It might even be for two or three days .
He's not doing too well .
That's for the hotel restaurant . You had five meals here .
Sure . But , it will be a long hike , 30 miles in three days . Have you been hiking before ?
Oh , really ? I go to the gym every day .
I don't feel very good .
I honestly want my hair that short .
Hello . Is everything OK , there ?
Yeah , I worked as their customer support manager , which brought me a breadth of experience in both client care , and process management . I supervised and coordinated the customer support team as well as implemented new strategies to achieve better customer satisfaction .
If you like , you can apply right now .
Not bad . But there is more room for improvement .
yeah , the hustle and bustle is really difficult to handle .
So , what happened ?
I'm a junior now , and my GPA is 3 . 92 .
You mean " if " they catch the murderer . I ' m scared stiff about going into the city center at night .
I'll use my VISA , if that's okay .
What's a homeroom ?
I am not blind . Anyone can see that with half an eye .
How in the world did you get a copy ? I've put a hold on it at the public library for weeks and I'm still waiting my turn .
No , we aren't . We're going to help Mr Smith to plant some flowers .
So , have you been on the bus very long ?
Do you think that's a good spot ?
Why don ' t we go together ? I can show you around . I think you ' ll have a better time .
Why ? We just got here .
A lot of people do . I'll try it for a while anyway , but I certainly don't want to pay a lot of parking tickets .
Could you please tell me the address ?
I work for a large multinational company called DAK Group . We have five main area of business - construction , heavy industry , shipbuilding , motor vehicles and telecommunications .
Yes , my name is Bill .
You're right . Lifelong learning is about finding learning opportunities at all ages and in numerous contexts
Carl won the gold in the 100 , 200 , long jump , and 4x100 relay in 1984 .
This says the viewing is at Myers Funeral Home today until five .
How many words a minute ?
If you think it is necessary .
Hello baseball fans , and welcome back to today ' s game ! My name is Rick Fields and of course , I am here , once again , with the man that seals the deal , Bob Copeland . '
Then you just go straight on until you see the station ahead of you .
Great . I just got back from a week's vacation in Thailand .
He has so many friends supporting him .
You would have to use the computer lab . I'm sorry for the inconvenience .
Yes , you need to turn right and follow that road for about four minutes . You will see the Post Office on your left .
When do you start ?
What do you want to get ?
OK . I'll try a Pinto . I want to rent a car for one week .
You are so kind ! Thank you very much .
Yes , Miss , what can I do for you ?
Yes , they all stop at this corner .
I mean , do you want the best quality , or do you want good prices ?
I quit my job as a food critic .
All right ! I stayed up yesterday and waited for your vegetables . I stole your peaches and flowers .
My birthplace is Nanjing .
We all went swimming .
OK , it's my pleasure . How many tickets ?
You must have got many useful things for your new apartment .
Yeah ! Why not ? They are trendy and look great ! I want to get a dragon on my arm or maybe a tiger on my back .
But you're ready for everything else ?
I heard that it's supposed to get up to 90 degrees Fahrenheit today .
The ending is a bit weak . It's so abrupt , like those of most other detective stories .
I thought he usually wrote horror books .
Why should I go against her ? She always seems to have better ideas .
I was wondering if you could company me to the Ball ?
Of course yes .
Be seeing you then .
I see . All right , then . Thanks .
Let me see . We should go to buy some fruit first .
Could you please tell me your passport number ?
Thank you . I will if I have chance . Goodbye and happy landing !
Thank you , sir . Just a moment , please .
Certainly . First , I would like to ask you some questions to identify your needs before I show you what we have .
I'd like to buy a skirt .
Let's begin by having you tell me about yourself and your background .
Well , do you want to go get some dinner ?
The letter reads , " please find enclosed a copy of our agenda for your review . " I don ' t see anything else in the envelope ...
Will the house be mine when we finish these documents ?
I was the only one who got a strait A in my class .
That's right . You never know what you're missing out if you don't read the memos .
Ah , yes , the room is too cold for me . I feel rather cold when I sleep . Can you turn off the air-conditioning ?
Yes , if it's not too much of a trouble .
I got a great look at him .
That can ' t be true !
I like both strawberry and coffee ice cream .
I wasn't feeling too well , so I stayed at home .
Yes , that's right . Your room is a single one with a bath .
no , I ' m planning to quit this job and go back to work in my hometown after the spring festival .
do you take cream or sugar with your tea ?
Oh , no problem .
I'm sorry but my bottom figure is $ 36,000 .
Of course . But I'm afraid I'm not much of a dancer ...
No . If you step on the accelerator pedal you can flood the carburetor and your car will never start .
Hi , excuse me sir ? I ' m looking for a dress shoe . My usual pair that I ' Ve had for years have finally been stretched out of shape . They don ' t provide any support anymore .
Oh , Never mind , I finished my paper . So you can use it tonight .
That's smart . I'm going to start doing the same thing .
The tallest one .
Both of the two young ladies are the candidates for the position
I do my shopping at Sons .
Fine , thanks . I've been busy lately .
What ' s the Mountaineering Club doing this weekend ?
Good afternoon . May I help you ?
It's too late .
All right . They ' re due back next Wednesday .
I'm sure management is on top of it .
Oh , I remember . It was about 10 o'clock . When I was about to go to bed , suddenly I heard help outside .
How do you think TaiWan's economy is doing ?
That's the new teacher .
Which window do I go to for parcel ?
Good . One more thing , we'd like you to quote us on CIF basis .
It's very nice of you .
I am sonry . So you are loaving on Duty 21st and your seat is in the business section .
But I don't think she really loves him .
Would you have my baggage sent up , please ?
Good-bye .
How can you keep in touch with your aunt in America ?
Good afternoon . Welcome to China . May I see your passport , customs and health declaration form ?
You know what ? I ' ll just have everything dry cleaned .
It was only 345 pounds .
Mr . Lee , I was wondering if you and your wife had plans for next Friday night ?
Well , don't you know for sure ?
yes . Once it gets hot , put a little oil in it , add the vegetables and stir-fry them for a few minutes .
What about 15 yuan ?
What if everybody in the wheres goes crazy ?
Really ? That's unbelievable .
I'd like a table for two , please .
Excuse me . I want to pay the bill .
Here I raise a question for you . Just imagine we will have a foreign guest from Japan . Can you tell me how I ought to be to the most comfortable and polite ?
I'd like to study in the UK , but it's really expensive .
No problem . I don't have a dog or a cat .
Fitness Consultant .
Yes . I do want to take some additional credits this year to get a minor in psychology .
I like pop music very much .
I'm surfing the Net .
Saint Jude-he's the saint of lost causes . Like my cousin , Anna , who can't stop getting pregnant . She's a lost cause .
What is your least favorite ice cream ?
That's too bad . But there are several alternatives , if you want to hear them .
Sorry , I am not sure , can I take a message ?
Sure . Do you have my number ?
Exactly . You know , the sunshine and wind remind me of our honeymoon . You remember ? The island , the sound of the waves , the salty sea air and the sunshine ...
Is that a one-way or round trip ?
Yes , of course . Well , let's get started . Would you show me your passport , please ?
Haven't I asked you to call if you're going to be home late ?
Hi , Mr . Brown , we have visited the factories and I'm very satisfied with your factories production conditions .
How do they all get in such tiptop shape ?
This is James Hong calling from Lincoln Bank .
The machines will turn on once you put the quarters into the slot .
Hello . Is Bob there , please ?
OK . And is there a laundromat near here ?
Yes . we have herb medicine and ready-made medicine .
absolutely , many Chinese enterprises are going global , and they are in great need of excellent returnees to help them with their overseas business .
You must have rolled over something just now .
I'd like to speak to Robert .
This is supposed to be your vacation ; we'd like you to just relax .
I've got to go .
Yes , I have an ACRE certificate , Bank 2 .
You wanna take some time off , is that right ?
I always approach things very enthusiastically . When I begin something , I don ' t like to leave it half-done . I can ' t concentrate on something new until the first thing is finished .
How long has it been on for ?
You look really wiped out ?
I was thinking about ordering some kind of pie .
Yes , it's so popular that it's sold out as soon as it reaches the bookstores .
I've arranged to meet them at the restaurant at twelve . Can you make the reservation a little earlier ? If we start earlier , it will give us more time for a longer lunch .
It runs fine .
Which one is your favorite ? Why ?
Excuse me , miss . I'm a transit passenger for Flight No . 207 . Can you tell me where to go ?
Excuse me , how long does it take to get there ?
Tomorrow's Carl's birthday ?
By how many minutes ?
Oh , my . Why there are still so many things to learn after graduation ?
Okay , what can I get you ?
Thank you for your concern .
Think how happy we were . Now this . Things always go wrong .
She's very fond of detective stories ?
Oh , I love you too !
Would you like anything to drink ?
it's not about pay raise or promotion . You know , I hate getting up early in the morning and coming back home late at night .
People are always gossiping about one another .
Rivers have created deep valleys and canyons like the grand canyon .
Don ' t , don ' t , don ' t , don ' t say that . That , that makes it worse .
Yes , would you please tell her Eric Martin called ?
I'd have a Scotch if I were you . We deserve it .
Oh , yes . We do have such a commercial . Sit down , please , Miss Liu . I ' m glad to see you . Could you tell me about yourself first ?
In order to achieve that objective . I would work step by step and make further study .
Well , generally speaking , if you want to change someone ' s mind or understand his position , you have to put yourself in his shoes . Understand his need and the cost for his need . And then you work together to find a solution .
Thank you . We'd like to have some dessert .
OK , first of all , can you turn the key in the ignition ?
Yup , they have good French fries as well . Not very thick , but crispy enough . You should try them with some mayonnaise sauce . That is the Belgium style . You will love it .
That sounds great . More dividends if I want to purchase them !
Of course . I am a nurse and a nurse tells the truth .
The tapping of your pen on your desk . It ' s driving me crazy .
Yes , I have . I think that I've hurt my back .
I can hardly wait !
Do you know why that is ?
I feel I really stupid .
I ' m afraid I ' m not interested in fashion .
I have it right here .
Yes , I have many things to buy . I would like to choose the cleaning milk first .
Wait for me .
Have you read the new rules about using cell phone at work ?
I know . I miss him terribly .
Of course I'm OK ! I just bought a bunch of classic Elvis records !
Here is your spicy diced chicken with peanuts , sir .
I apologize .
Oh , my son is an American citizen . We want to live together in the future .
I have a slipped disc in my lower back and the doctor says surgery is probably the best option . Does our worker insurance cover this kind of thing ?
She has a yellow dress on and red sneakers .
Thank you , Dad .
Can you tell me something about the balance sheet now ?
Yes . We need to put the money into long-term projects rather than wasting it on short-term ones .
Is it true or isn ' t it ?
This is the kitchen . Every - thing's new .
Welcome to Al ' s Garage . What seems to be the problem ?
I already have some Time Deposits with you , but unfortunately , they haven't matured yet . I really don't want to cash those just yet .
you really like brains that make you think , don't you ?
what ' s it like ?
Name , age and date of birth , please ?
Good . Shall we say seven o'clock ?
He got arrested all right .
That'll be $ 4 . 25 ... ( The customer gives her a 5 dollar bill . ) ... out of five . Here is your change , sir . Have a nice day .
That's right . It'll probably work out to be about the same then anyway .
Did you have any difficulty getting along with fellow students or teachers ?
I'm surprised you don't use more of the features on your phone .
He's coming by car on the twenty-fourth . He's staying from thetwenty-fourth to the twenty-sixth .
The tap is always driving . I can't sleep well .
Shave also , Sir .
Since your plane leaves at 3 p . m . it will be too early for you to leave the hotel at 12 0 ' clock . We can arrange you to stay in the room until 1 p . m . ; but first you should still check out before 12 noon .
It's convenient . People in network go everywhere by subway if they don't drive .
Look , Jim . That man just fell down over there .
Oh , that will be great . Thank you so much . Please help me to double-check the name list . I have to make sure they are all correct .
Never . But I have been looking forward to it for quite a long time .
It depends on the type of the house you're looking for .
Are there many promotion chances in the company ?
No , no , for the engagement .
I see . Sir , if I may ask . Have you used up all the amenities in your room ?
Did you remember to bring back that software I lent to you ?
What is your great struck ?
Well , Rose .
What day is it on earth ?
Then please give me a cup of coffee .
I'd like to have lunch in my room .
I can take it then . I have that time slot free .
Yes , I have . Here are my blouse , coats and stockings .
I can not stop coughing , and I can not stop sneezing . I vomited blood last night . Sorry , I am coughing again .
No problem . I just got paid . It ' s my treat .
Hi , I'm calling from Nika Corporation . We would like to hold a business lunch at the restaurant .
That's so true . When you have a taste for success , you can't let dishonest people like your manager get in the way .
We do indeed . Such as making trade investments , financial consultancy , and of course the service you requested .
And then I ' m moving to Florida where I can play golf all day , every day !
I heard that you country recently discovered deposits of precious stone .
Glad to see you too .
I have no other questions . Thank you .
If you really want me to , then I'll do it .
I would like to take my vacation next month .
I ' ll try to make it . I should be able to fit some time in around 3 o ' clock .
You know ... like , say God is the creator of the universe , the Bible , and Jesus Christ ...
Excuse me . Is flight KL638 late ?
The ending is a bit of a surprise . I don't want to ruin it for you .
I am glad that that works out ; can you find my office ?
Hello , Susan , it ' s me , An .
I will be glad to do the same for you when you're sick .
The accounts department , I think .
Yes . We'll also apply some of our special day cream that will moisturize our skin and protect it from the sun .
C'mon . You'll feel better and look better and as a reward you can eat a little bit of ice cream here and there .
You ' re all set now ?
Yes , a little . As you mentioned just now , yours is an American capital company . As far as I know your company is a world famous one which produces cosmetics and skincare products .
Well , the check out time is 12:00 o'clock everyday , if you checked out after 15:00 , we have to charge you for another day .
Jenny , what's wrong with you ? Why do you keep weeping like that ?
not at all . The woman , who owned it , took good care of it . But when she died , she had no family left and no will , so the government had to sell it for her .
Thank you . He ' s very lucky indeed .
All right . We have quite a selection for you to choose from . There are double rooms with twin beds , suites , if you'd like , we have presidential suite on the top floor .
You mean the kind of stuff like Nirvana ?
What made you transfer ?
Well , bring him along to . We will have a great time this weekend .
Right . I ' ll see you later .
Whoa wait a minute ! Isn ' t that a bit too much ? I mean , how much is all of this going to cost !
Have a nice holiday !
will the train be very crowded ?
Well , there ' s no doubt that lots of people have found employment in the help wanted section .
Well , this is going to be a very expensive broken leg , Mr . Taylor .
maybe we can try Yuanyang pot this time . You can choose the non-spicy soup base .
I never did like this MP4 anyway . I won't hear of it .
Not a bad idea .
that sure didn't last long !
May I take your size ?
20 pounds per day , including breakfast .
Yeah , but that's human nature .
Both kinds of food are becoming popular . Nowadays , it ' s very easy to pick up the ingredients at the supermarket .
I wonder if the dentist could fit me in early tomorrow .
I see . And the other alternatives ?
Sure , what's happened ?
Yes , what size is in your mind ?
Really .
It's the Canon .
Rise and shine .
Have you any aches and pains ?
Have you given the puppies food yet ?
Who do you know there ?
No , I had it when I left school this afternoon .
Hello .
I wanna register for this mathematics course .
How much do I owe ?
Yes . Once it gets hot , put a little oil in it , add the vegetables and stir-fry them for a few minutes .
This way , please . Our car is waiting over there .
Pretty busy . I have to pick up a lot of credits this year .
Do you have any seats available ?
May I invite you for the first dance ?
Then I suggest you go to K-Mart or Wal-Mart .
Do you have the same style in white ?
No , I don ' t like regular work . I am interested in different projects with new opportunities and new challenges , but I can do regular work if the company needs me to do so .
Oh ... I'm sweating already . It's so hot . I can feel it boiling ! Can I get out yet ?
How about next monday ?
I'm sorry . I thought you wouldn't mind .
How ' s that going ?
Ouch ! My ankle ! I think it ' s broken ! You can ' t just leave me like this ! Are you calling an ambulance ?
I've asked him , but he won't tell me . What should we do about this ? He is like you . I remember when we were at the college , you always skipped classes .
Wow , you're really informative . Thanks a lot .
Tell me which direction it should be going .
And the plot is so simple .
Hello , China Travel Agency . Can I help you ?
When are you planning to go ?
It is ? Oh , that ' s nice .
Yes , I always cry at weddings .
I already have some medicine at home if I could just get there .
It will be Sunday so I expected everything will be closed .
Oh yeah , no problem . Would you mind if we borrowed a few of the chairs from the lunchroom .
Ummmph !
what do we do first ?
yes . I ' Ve heard that people in your country like to eat lamb chops .
You know , all I was trying to do was tell the truth but they obviously didn ' t take it that way .
hello , do you remember me ? I bought some vases from you yesterday .
On counter three .
OK , we should get them ready this afternoon .
But I ...
I want to book a tour with adventure sports .
This is she . Paul ?
I can ' t wait to start cooking . I ' Ve bought the grill and charcoal . Do you have enough plates and utensils ?
Really ? Where did you go ?
It's boring , right ?
How much will you have to pay for rent ?
What kind do you need ?
No , no . I am okay . It's the weather . It was warm and sunny this morning and now it's chilly and raining .
Yes , I am . I arrived only three days ago from Japan .
Oh , yes . I ' d love to .
Yes , speaking . What can I do for you ?
The movie starts at eight o ' clock , so we have plenty of time to eat and get ready .
The answer is zero ! What a let-down !
Yes , I'll take it . Are there any jeans ? Xiaohui's jeans are always dirty . I also need four pairs of slippers .
30 dollars and 10 cents ? Here you go .
It's one of the highlights of the match .
I guess I need all of them .
You know . Soup , well , society makes us like this .
The front brake ?
What's for dinner ?
Oh , okay . Well , here you go .
What about your sister ?
You want to make sure it's good solid habit before anything else takes its place , like work ?
Then , what do you think I should do ?
Yes , this is . What number are you calling ?
Hi , Kerry . Did your husband make cooking for you ?
A lot of things !
If you would like to use the contents during the period of use , please come here in person . After confirming your signature , we will open the box .
I'm afraid it's empty .
Oh , yes . That's fine with me . Maybe we can have lunch together .
That's true . But I love the living room ; it's huge and filled with sunshine .
Sure . How many copies do you need ?
When will the branch office open ?
Really ? No , no , I couldn't ! You're too nice !
I ' m not interested in it . Are you keen on it ?
What do you do in summer ?
I think I ' m very good at planning . I manage my time perfectly , so that I can always get things done on time .
That sounds delicious and nutritious .
He was talking and causing a disturbance during class .
Well , we are waiting for two friends , so could we just have a look at the menu for a while ?
That's what I was thinking .
I didn ' t know you could do that .
Great ! That'll be ahead of schedule ! Good work .
With or without private bathroom ?
Do you have training program or plan for employees ?
My current salary is in the range of fifty thousand yuan .
There's no cold air coming out .
Sure . Which button do I press to shoot ?
I need to have a credit check done for my company .
Could you show me the coat on the shelf ?
Recently , there prevails ' Net Love ' !
Next time we are about to dinner we should try some Canadian ice wine .
OK , we'll come at half past eleven tomorrow .
Oh , yes , ma'am . We'll come right away then . Your room number and your name , please .
I have an issue .
Shall we bring any thing ? Some wine ?
Because I like him .
The price for one person for a ten-day tour is only 1,099 US dollars , which includes round trip airfare .
Paul , a company called me for an interview .
It's a feature film .
I think that they get a pretty good payoff .
No , it ' s beef .
People think it's funny .
When is he coming back ?
Our philosophy teacher is very humorous .
The one in the bedroom .
Then you go out to the garage and check out the camping gear .
Actually , my blood pressure isn't that high yet , but they say it increases with age .
Oh ! ! My car isn't working . I'm waiting for a tow-truck .
Because it is an age of challenges , I must accept the new challenge in my life .
Four hundred ?
One second , please , while I dig it out . Here .
I'm sorry to trouble you but there is a lot of noise in next room .
I could , but all they ever talk about is work , so I always end up feeling left out .
They've completely slipped my mind .
Good morning Mike !
That's great ! I'd like to take the first available flight . I'll need an economy ticket
That's good to know . Thanks for your help today , I'll leave you with the details and you can get started .
Chocolate is mine .
First , we need eggs , milk , and bread .
At the beginning , it does not matter , but once someone gets one ball in , it is set .
Sure . We've helped more than ten thousand people buy and sell houses . We're the No . 1 realtor in this community . I recommend this house ( He points at a picture ) .
We have a guy who plays guitar , and another who plays bass . Although we still haven ' t found anyone to be our singer . You told me that you had some musical talent , right ?
All right . See you later .
How does it fit ?
According to the kilometer rate , the first five kilometers are 4 dollars and every kilometer extra costs 50 cents .
Well , it would give me a chance to grow , but I am wondering if I would like the job .
All right . Are you married ?
The pain is killing me .
I was . It ' s just that the holidays are coming up and I won ' t be able to home because I can ' t afford the airfare . I ' m just longing for some of the comforts of home , like my mom ' s cooking and being around my family .
I see your appointment . What day would you like to switch to ?
We'll start you off with a base salary of $ 20,000 a year , with bonuses that can add up to $ 40,000 . A company car , and a company pension scheme . Is that acceptable to you ?
She is as meek as a lamb . She never goes against anyone or anything . She's as good as gold , you know ?
Yeah , tell me about it . I know ! Your mom is trying to learn Spanish , right ? Why don ' t you get her a gift certificate for this great website I saw called SpanishPod .
Well , he had a Jacked or a Plage shirt . You know the kind of number jack wear .
It sounds quite simple . Next time when I travel abroad , I will apply for this kind of check too .
No , you also need a boarding pass .
Tom ? Oh , it's been a while since we've talked to each other . Nice to hear you again .
By the way , could you tell me when the film will begin ?
Wang Wei . Room 1212 .
I said I want to ask about some of your information .
I think it says Temple City .
Yes , certainly . What's that ?
Oh I ' m sorry . I think I ' ll call later . Thank you .
Hello . This is Bell Canada . How can I help you ?
So how long do you plan to live here ?
Not anymore . They live with my brother now . and yours ?
Thanks . I really appreciate that .
By the way , do I need a transfer again after No . 50 ?
Write down your name and the date on a piece of paper and give it to me .
Don ' t worry . You ' ll be fine .
If you could guarantee compensation in case the insurance com - any refuses to honor a claim for faulty packing , we would be quite willing to accept cartons .
Have you learned any other foreign languages ?
Is that right ?
I'll take it . Please wrap it up for me and give me the receipt .
they are doing well .
Soup kitchen ? Is that a new restaurant or something ?
I know ! I don't get them at all . But wait , isn't ' Terminator ' a sci-fi movie ?
First of all , I would like to thank you for your kind invitation to visit your beautiful country . I hope my visit will help to promote a friendly relationship between us .
I know that . I met her last week , and she looked as pale as death .
OK , sir . Do you want some soups ?
Honey , do you have a second ?
1088 RIB .
Only about five or six .
the area can be a bit rough in the evenings , but the neighbors watch out for each other , so it ' s ok .
Sure , would you like any appetizers today ?
One kilogram , too .
OK . Hold on , please .
I think that the doctor had better see you . I'll telephone Dr Carter . The doctor says that he will come at once . I'm sure that you need an X-ray , Andy .
It ' s a piano solo . I'm fond of piano , you know .
Yes , their steaks are enormous . Sometimes I can ' t finish what I ' Ve ordered .
Yes . The air-conditioner in this room doesn't work .
How old is she ?
Would you like me to come get you when the food is done ?
What a pity . I believe it's a very good film .
You won't have to wait a second , sir .
I am not exaggerating at all . I ' m telling you the truth . That was how I felt at that time .
I see . Yeah now that I think of it , I wouldn ' t have gotten married if I hadn ' t moved to this town and met Sally .
The price seems acceptable for me . But I want to check whether you can supply the carpets now if we order some ?
Have you thought about going Dutch ?
Then , What ' s the matter with you my child ?
I ' Ve got her a birthday present and I ' ll take a bottle fo wine too .
I hear many people have cars .
How do I take the pills ?
I am sorry , it's out of stock right now .
Jack ! It ' s Rose here .
I got it on sale down at the department store .
Very few , unfortunately .
I think I can . I have been learning English for almost 5 years and especially I am fluent at speaking English . Also , I have made some foreigners friends during the experience of learning English .
Do you sell washing machines ?
Good afternoon , sir . Please sit here .
I was thinking about taking tennis lessons . I always have an hour to spare in the afternoon . What do you think about that ?
Do you have a light ?
I like one taken half length .
Good . Red suits me very well . It ' s a cheerful color , isn't it ?
yes , I got a grant to study Chinese .
Good ! How much is it ?
So , you know how to drive , right ?
Two blocks down the street .
Here . I'd better get a call from you .
Fine . How long does it take to get to 82nd Street ?
Sorry , I couldn ' t help you .
Good morning . I ' m thinking about buying some new furniture for my living room . Could you help me ?
Oh , thank you . You are so sweet !
So why do you think many kids have personalities that are so different from their parents .
And thank you very much for letting me keep it so long .
I'm sorry to hear that . Have you been looking for another job ?
I can see you've got some color back in your cheeks .
Oh , I thought I did a good job .
Oh , really ? Maybe she is just eager to see her grandchildren .
I ' m looking forward to seeing Westminster abbey , where many historical figures are buried , like Isaac Newton , the great mathematician and Winston Churchill , the great wartime leader .
Aw , shucks , ma'am .
You did a good job for the company . You deserve it .
Yes . Oh , it's you , Linda . I haven't seen you for a long time . Well , come in and sit down . How about something to drink ?
Golden Taxi cabs , how may I help you ?
The operation in the lab is radioactive and dangerous , so work with care . Have you got ear muffs and gloves ?
Sir , your bags are 30 pounds over weight . You are allowed only 45 pounds of baggage .
Mom , you know that Andrea and I sometimes worry about you .
It's not really all that good . The bedroom is a little small for us .
Yes , of course . It was nice to see you .
Where is my back pack ?
Is there anything else that you want me to pick up ?
We need to know whether you have the special training .
Absolutely everything .
Are you looking forward to seeing that big concert next week ?
Is Alice available ?
10 years ago , maybe yes . But nowadays we are a global village , it's easy to deal with any foreign country .
OK darling , got some pizzas , potato chips , hot dogs and lots of cheese !
For starters , we have a computer lab .
How do you get to office ?
That's serious .
I feel much better now .
Do you think a private vehicle might be more to your liking ?
It's ... OH , it's the first of April , April Fools ' Day .
Wow ! I can't wait to change into my trunks !
Yes , that's a video camera .
Now that would be hard to live without . We city folks are pretty spoiled .
How , exactly , does this work ?
Let me see . Uh-huh ... no , I guess I'll be free .
I'm sorry to bring up my resignation at this moment , but I've decided to study abroad .
Because I want to tell you about the time that I saw a ghost .
Ahh , I was not available last Sunday . I was too busy almost as much as you .
Come on ! Stop being so vain . You look great ! You are beautiful !
How do you choose which companies to work with ?
What did her boss say to you ?
have you thought of moving at all Sarah ?
Good morning . I'd like to make a reservation to Guangzhou for August 2 .
Jessica , I am very sorry to hear that . Why are you leaving ?
Good habit . How long does it take ?
Yes , what seems to be the problem ?
Wow , all this for forty dollars per month ?
Just fill out these forms , and I ' ll be with you in one second .
Yeah . I turned around and started to move out . Just then , she yelped behind my back , ' all right , all right ! I may sacrifice a little . Let's fix it sixty-five ! Can't be cheaper . '
That ' s so unfair !
can I ask why ? Were you unhappy working for us ?
There are plenty of rugby fans in my country too .
It will begin at 5 thirty .
No kidding . So tell me what's your favorite color ?
Bob and I plan to play hockey in the morning .
I hope I can fly to any place like superman . So I can touch the sky .
Well , in that case I guess maybe you can be more understanding . You shouldn't let a trivial thing like this stand in the way of your friendship . After all you can go to the beach anytime you want .
Come on . Don ' t hesitate .
When will the ceremony begin ?
Hi ! Susan ! I haven't seen you for ages !
No sweat ! Think nothing of it .
No . This afternoon will be fine .
What do you want for your drink ?
How different are these rates ?
Hey , wouldn't it be great if we could go to Thailand together sometime ?
Oh , yes . I think I'll look at those over there before I decide .
I don't know . There ' s plenty of fish out there in the sea !
He hoped to live in the Korean way and asked me to give up working and stay at home to take care of the family .
Which university should I apply to ?
Calm down !
Wow , Good for you . It sounds like a lot of work . I'm proud of you ! Is this the red of building ?
It helps that my dad is an archaeologist .
I can stay a few more minutes .
Say , Jim , how about going for a few beers after dinner ?
Okay . Our rental agent will be with you in a moment .
We have roast chicken , grilled chicken , chicken curry and chicken chops .
Oh , is that so ?
Does Mark Wyatt work there ?
So , got any more ideas for the website ?
I'm looking for a black , leather bag .
Not even drinking milk for one month would get us like that .
The plumbing seems OK , too .
It's a souvenir I bought for you from Rome .
How could you have the heart to kill it ? We only have one !
I asked for a non-smoking room , and I don't have one . My room smells like cigarette smoke . I can't stand it . Could you change my room , please ?
How far is it ?
What do you offer in terms of a retirement plan ?
You're welcome . Now smile ...
Why do you want to eat western food so much today ? Anything special to celebrate ? Did you get a promotion ?
Nathan said he didn't have any fun at his new school this week . Do you know why ?
Excuse me , is this the Guyon Travel Agency ?
Have a heart , honey . You know I am trying hard to quit drinking , don't you ? Just give me one more chance , please !
It is , I'll tell you why . We'll have to call in the electrician , he's going to charge overtime now because it's already 5PM , and it will probably take him an hour a light . Plus , the halogen lights take more electricity , so your electrical cost is going to be higher as well .
That's three Jim Beams and three Perriers . Anything else , sir ?
Japanese is easy to learn .
Yeah , the people are quite relaxed ... Those were some great times I spent there . Well , thanks for stopping by . Are you from King Dao , Yang Tang ?
You might think this strange , but I like the category for " best foreign language film " .
The monthly sticker costs you .
Yes , I am .
Do you take Master Card ?
Let me have a look .
Why do you think you ' re the right candidate for this position ?
Thank you very much . Hope you enjoy your stay .
Yeah , get off the bus .
You like this china tea set , don't you ?
No problem , sir . When are you coming to dinner ?
And how long do I have to stay in Berlin for the connecting flight ?
I'm leaving on Sunday . We're going to Canada .
Thank you . I am very happy to have this opportunity to learn something new . You know information and knowledge in this field update very fast .
You should enroll in driving school and then take a road test and a written test . After you pass both tests , you'll get your licence .
I think I can put something together , no problem . But when it comes to tomorrow , I'll just be a bundle of nerves ! How can I get over my fear of speaking in public ?
Alice , your father is amazing . He ' s 90 years old and he lives alone in that big house .
I'll walk over and get the bill , since I don't think the waitress is coming over here any time soon .
It ' s unbelievable . He used to be such a rough guy .
ZZZ means'sleepy or tired or bored ' , A / S / L is tricky , which is often used at first encounter . It's a three-word question , ' age , / sex / location ? '
Where were you Bron ?
Well , then the cafeteria suits you best . But anyway , if you like to have a lunch outside the company , feel free to join me anytime .
Good evening , may I help you ?
Yes , that's just what I wanted .
Yes , I did . It was one of the conditions of the insurance police . The insurance companies need to assess the risk
You knew Brain Locker ?
I could have Suzy stay at my place .
This is the first time for me to have a Chinese guest . I hope you like western cooking .
It's a drama called Soul Food . This channel is BET-Black Entertainment Television . It has black shows , news and commercials .
No need to worry about that . The cartons lined with plastic sheets are waterproof , and as the boxes are made of cardboard , they will be handled with care .
My pleasure , and have a good time !
In some way , she is more modern .
Here is my driver's license . Will that work ?
If we were in the same conference room , I would not work late these days . That conference room has been booked out . This time our boss wants to hold the meeting in our company . So everything has to be rearranged and checked , like tables , chairs , mean tacks , podium , audio and visual equipments and even the lunch menu .
How much will it be in Chinese currency ?
Why are you celebrating this festival ?
Eight yuan twenty cents .
I will get right on that , and I am very sorry .
Don't worry , I've gotchy covered .
Have you tried these little ditties ? They are really good .
You're absolutely right . The acting could be better .
I ' m so sorry I ' m late . But Henry ' s car broke down .
Really ? What else have you discovered ?
My domicile place is Nanjing , too .
I think most languages take a lifetime to learn well .
That ' s great . But I prefer to put my money somewhere where the returns are more certain .
I'd like to get my laundry .
We really have some miserable weather sometime . i wish i would live somewhere which were sunning all year round .
Not yet . What happened ?
It's been a long time , Mrs , Lee .
I don't want to put you on the spot . Here's what I'm getting at , I don't think Vincent is the man for the job .
We allow several weeks release time each year for our employees to attend job-related seminars and conferences .
Don ' t pretend you are a good God .
That is very kind of you , Mr Lee . Thank you .
Yes , Thursday would be fine . What time shall I come ?
Have you passed College English Test Band 4 or Band 6 ?
I just checked the oil myself , but you can check the tires .
Where can we have our laundry done ?
I'll see a piece available , who should I say is calling , please ?
Well , yeah , but I'd be getting somebody else's problem .
And your point is ?
The dinner is really rich .
Sure . It ' s just right .
I ' ll come back for them tomorrow .
Well , the stock market just took a huge plunge and we ' Ve lost a lot of money !
The procedure is really simple and convenient . All you need to do is fill in this Loan Application form .
That is a very serious problem you see , the bank must assess your personal information , past loans , assets and any other relevant information such as your credit score in order to approve your loan .
I have an electric toothbrush .
Americans love cars for different reasons , I think . One reason is that we are very individualistic . And cars are a very individual way of getting around . Americans like the freedom of driving around by themselves . They don't want to ride in a train or bus with a group of people .
My car won ' t start ! Stupid old car !
Is there anything else that I should pay attention to in an interview ?
So are you planning on cooking it ?
To be honest with you , Jason , I don't think I'm doing a very good job of balancing my schoolwork with my job . I'm always two steps behind . I've got to get back to the dorm and continue writing that paper . Say ! Why don ' t you talk to your advisor ? And let me know !
You're lucky .
How much is the video camera ?
Sounds like you will be doing some serious cramming till Friday !
I had to visit all my relatives .
Well , we have many models to choose from here . Do you have a particular brand you want ?
Air mail , please .
No , this will not do . Let me see .
Well , I don't have any cash with me , I'll have to put it on a credit .
Oh ... and ear muffs ! Put these on ... here we go .
I am sorry but I ordered sole not the same as the others . Will you change it ?
Oh , that's pitiful .
Mrs . White .
I've got a sore throat , a runny nose , and a headache .
Cheese ...
The fitting rooms are over there .
Yes . Let ' s start today .
well , in that case I guess maybe you can be more understanding . You shouldn't let a trivial thing like this stand in the way of your friendship . After all you can go to the beach anytime you want .
Not bad . I ' m proficient in both written and spoken English .
No . I want my money back .
We will have an internal discussion and then we will contact to inform you of our decision on whether we continue with you or not .
Cindy , I heard you got into that university . Congratulations !
is everything alright ?
No , all religions are essentially based on the same ideals , so no one is really better .
Don ' t you worry , I ' ll take care of everything ! ( starts cutting ) Oh my god ! I just love your curly hair ! It ' s so fluffy and cute ! You should totally let it grow out . An afro would look great on you !
She works as a teller in a bank .
Oh , I'm a tourist . May I go inside and look around ?
Fine , Mr . Emory . Let me just grab a pad and pen .
You really have a big head , don't you .
Nothing but several personal effects .
Well , how was the interview ?
I know , I should wash them right away .
A Notice of Unemployment Insurance Award letter will be sent to you .
Tell you what , give me your phone number .
Thanks a lot . I ' Ve got one more question .
Well , that ' s not possible . The computer ' s official student account has already been sent to the state . And that ' s what our budget is based on . Who told you that anyway ?
I have two finals this week and one oral presentation and I'm not ready for any of them !
I guess .
Do you think I can find a sweater for my dog online ?
All right , let's fix it at 450 pieces then . And for every additional 50 pianos sold , we'll give you 1 % higher commission .
You ought to have worked harder then you wouldn't have failed your exams . You have to take a job and study .
No problem . I think 40 will be fine for you .
Just a minute . It ' s ten to nine by my watch .
so ... what kind of things do you do in your free time ?
That sounds so interesting . I wish I learned a hobby .
Will , that'll be the sixth of September .
Really ! What's the matter with him ?
May I speak to Mr . Smith ?
I really need to find a bus that goes by PCC .
We would like to begin with a cocktail while we are waiting . Would you tell the hostess to please come and let us know when our table is ready ?
I was thinking of seeing You , Me and Dupree . It's a typical Hollywood blockbuster .
I still have a question to ask you .
Does the tour have a Chinese-speaking guide ?
Hello , how can I help you today ?
Actually you haven't have much .
I feel absolutely horrible . My temperature is 41 degrees Celsius , and I've got a headache and a runny nose .
Of course ! Or are you still too scared !
Oh , lots of them . For instance , War Risks , TEND and SICC .
Too bad .
That's just the point ! Purity is the essence of good coffee , right ?
Have you heard my good news ?
You can ask the guests to help . My guests usually insist on doing the washing up . I just have to remind them where everything goes .
Would you like something to drink ? I've got tea and some grape juice .
Yes , I'm very busy , too . Sometimes I work overtime .
What do you know about our major products and our share of the market ?
I forgot what I put up with in that case . I do deserve these flowers .
Morning , Meg . You look not well today ? Are you ill ?
I ' Ve seen them before . They ' re quite incredible . If you want to see historical figures in London , there ' s one place you have to go .
Yes . I was awarded the title of Advanced Worker last year .
Sorry , he ' s on another phone . Will you hold ?
That's better , but it's still not quite right .
Why did you select your college ?
How many departments do we have ?
Thank you . Where is your key ?
Someone just robbed me .
Yes , I agree with you . I am going to find a good company and invest in it soon .
Do you know what kind of salad that you want ?
Of course . I have my own license and an international license .
I did well in university . I was one of the top students in the class .
You shouldn ' t be nervous about that .
Oh , look at her . She looks like one is the basketball babies in NBA .
Yes , quite sure .
Thank you . I wish I would .
Nothing .
Have you got everything ready ?
What information does that give him ?
The accounts department , no problem . I'm just putting you through now .
The negotiation of the price has taken us a long time . I hope the following negotiation about quality will be quicker .
Anyway , we haven't won the Pools , and we're not likely to win them . So there isn't much point in talking about it , is there ?
I see . If I got hurt when fixing the light , even during office hours , I wouldn ' t get compensation from our company since repairing is not my responsibility .
Yes , I like it very much .
No , I am a teacher . I teach art .
Bill Black , Room 1201 .
Yes , there ' s too much pollution too !
You must like this pink one , don't you ?
Ok !
Oh , but why ?
I'll call again in thirty minutes .
Did you ever get a parking ticket ?
Excuse me , what did you say ?
Well , easily , It doesn't work . It doesn't even start probably .
What are you talking about ? The alarm hasn't even gone off yet .
I ' m worrying about the children . After all this is the first time they have been out without us .
Would you show me this brooch ?
And I must thank you again for your generous help .
The TV news doesn't tell us the race anymore .
I love Japan a lot .
But even with the overhead out , the export overhead must be put in . Finally , it comes to the same thing . Anyway , this is a quality item and should be sold on its value .
No problem , this street is nearly built along the both sides of this street . there is stores , restaurant follow the style of tradition chinese building , the guest come there taste very traditional favorite dishes .
What time do you want us to wake you up ?
it costs more than you think to run a car , especially when there are so many things wrong with it !
Don ' t mention it . I ' Ve really enjoyed your company .
But your promotional materials claim the broads are the least expensive of their types on the market .
I understand , officer . I guess it's just not my day today . I will accept the fine .
not much ; it was a minor offence back then . He got away with a fine of $ 500 .
Is rice your staple food , too ?
Yeah , I think it's the best way to relax .
How much is a soft ?
Hi , Lander . What's wrong ?
Congratulations ! By the way , have you had all the things ready for the interview ?
As you know , my city is on the coast . the water is also not clean . But people still go swimming all year around . I prefer to sand bath on the beach when the weather is hot and sunning .
It is allowed to carry 55 pounds for each passenger .
Do you think I'll forget to do it ?
Why do you say so ? Can I see your new car ?
Come on ! It is really a fun game .
Wait . This is sounding like a major list . Why don't you just come with me ?
Not so good . I have a terrible cold .
What do I do now ?
Great . What name shall I put the reservation under ?
Now you have to fill in the hours in the blanks and total the hours for the week . Do you know how to use military time ?
Come on . It's on me .
Altogether , it's going to be $ 12 . 15 .
I'm glad to help you . What's wrong ?
I would like to return an item .
Speaking .
Quite often . It is very convenient , saving me a lot of time .
No , seriously . I'm impressed .
But traveling is an expensive hobby , isn't it ?
No , by train . I think it's much safer than bus .
There's no need to apologize .
Well , It ' s not as crowded as we excepted , is it ?
I suggest you treat him with patience , affection , and respect . If he needs to do something , like go to bed , or be washed , etc . , please guide or help him to get it done , but lead him with gentleness .
Excuse me , sir , Is this the road to the peace Store ?
Are you asking me ?
The secret is persistence .
What do you want to be ?
What place ?
Do you have an English name ?
I'm having some trouble . I don't know how to use this printer . I've never seen this kind of office printer before . Is it a new brand ?
I think you ' re absolutely right . Ok , that ' s decided then !
Oh dear , that sounds terrible .
So , shall we allow three hours to cover the distance ?
I'm sorry to say I'm not familiar with processing management information , but I'm sure I could learn quite quickly . It can't be too difficult , and I've got a quick mind . I can handle any problem you give me .
No . I recorded these from your Cds .
Can I get you some punch ? I was just going to go get myself some .
We can take a see by there now if you like . The landlord left me a set of keys with me .
I am sorry for damaging your car , sir .
I like this apartment . Do you think we can afford the mortgage ?
Can you stand ?
Which anti-virus program would you recommend ?
What kind of people are you reluctant to work with ?
Let me see your library card .
After the meals . And do not forget to take two sleeping pills before going to bed .
What are you looking for in your next job ?
That's right . We didn't issue it to you , but technically we are buying it from you . So , we become involved .
Well , would you please clean the livingroom ? You know I'm too busy .
How are you these days ?
Yes . I've already got a fund account with you too .
Well , but for this one , don ' t bring your cell phone to meetings , I think it is not reasonable . What if there are some important calls ?
You mean visit a factory ?
Of course , what's the problem ?
Okay . What day would you want your home phone cancelled ?
In foreign trade , language differences are very important .
OK , thank you . Well , I find that the salary level in this agreement is not like what you have said in the interview . Can you give me some explanations ?
I can't bear eating less .
It won't connect .
Americans don ' t like giving money , they prefer presents you buy for them . So I have to figure out what to buy for all of my family and friends .
No , but parents control a lot of the environment that kids grow up in , so they certainly influence their kids ' personalities a lot .
Yes , I agree with you . We should add our opinions to the research report .
Yes , sawdust is the tiny particles of wood . You could call it wood dust . You must wipe it off . The wood should be very clean before you put the varnish on .
As long as you don ' t treat it better than your wife , it ' s fine .
Excuse me , young man ?
I think something in the countryside would be nice .
Excuse me , waiter , could you bring me some barbecue sauce ?
Well , what kind of salary do you provide ?
Oh , I don't think you're shy ! You are always chatting with new people when we go to a party .
Make sure that you transfer the utilities to your name and tell them when you will be moving in .
Has your blood pressure been high before ?
It seems perfect .
Good morning , Pete .
Oh , great ! Let's discuss it together . Now , when am I off then ?
Oh , I'm glad .
Since everyone is different , your personal trainer will help you find out all the exercise equipments that are suitable for you fitness level . Then you'll be taught all the necessary techniques to use these equipments and achieve your goal .
Why not ? I've been craving good food for three weeks now . I'm too sick of hamburgers and pizza !
Where do you want to go this weekend ?
Yes , souvenirs . Trinkets to remember my trip by !
You like movies ?
Well , do you have any suggestions ?
I think everything has a scientific explanation rather than a theological one .
Is that my blood going into that tube ?
Several years ago , the countries and China singed memorandums of understanding , pursuant to which the countries will improve their laws government intellectual property rights protection over the following two to three years .
You will have to pay some for every extra pound .
And Margaret and I can take the dog and go jogging in the park .
How do you like fox-trot ?
Do you have a lot of homework ?
I think 2,000 would be enough .
Poor Ann . She did not love her husband at all .
It's industrial exhibition , in origin show the results of new industrial products in the city . a lot of products there to meet the needs of home and export
hey , come on . It ' s too early to say that . We can fix things .
Well , here is a perfume kind for women .
Are your prices negotiable ?
I'd be very glad to show you around , but I'm very busy right now . Could you come back about 3,30 ?
oh , I know this kind of shows . Sometimes they really piss me off . If I wanted reality , I'd go outside .
Actually , the factory is located in Scotland .
Yes . When your friend gets it , he ' ll sent the receipt which you send it by mail . then you can be sure he ' s received .
You can send a compressed one .
Oh ! Sorry to hear that . This is quite unusual as we have steak from the market every day .
No , my little sister lives with me .
I wish our family took outrageous summer vacations like yours .
No , I am afraid we don't .
Great idea . Unlike you , I just want to enjoy watching the sea and playing with the sand . I do not want to get a tan because I look good in pale skin .
That ' s not a problem .
No , of course not . I already bought them a present .
Oh , you mean kikois .
Two nights .
Fine , I can seat you at 7
Wow , this place is quite different from ten years ago when I first came to China .
There is something wrong with this dish .
Some of his early films are hard to find nowadays , especially the ones where he only played a bit part .
Which country makes the best coffee in the world ?
I ' d like to get away from the big city life .
We landed in Southampton and waited an hour for the storms to pass and then took off again .
Okay . I'm in . Let's do it .
Don't worry . We will come back again a little later .
Cartons ?
That ' s smart . What do you usually do to relieve your anger ?
It's 423-6681 . Isn't it right ?
sure .
Janice , I found you stole my vegetables at four o'clock this morning . Is that true ?
Mine are , too .
No . Worse than that . I have a flu . I'm in bed with a fever .
Well , we have nicer things than that in this company . You will find out soon .
That is private information .
well , I think I was being a little selfish myself . I know they don't get to see each other very often .
Rachel , do you like music ?
So it won't work , old buddy . They'll see that I'm not you . Sorry .
Excuse me , Sir , do you know what time it is ?
of what ?
Well , healthy food , of course ! I got some whole wheat bread , skimmed milk , fresh fish and organic carrots ...
Hello . I need to reserve a room .
I'm a big fan of Snoop Dog .
What in the world is that smell ?
We have been here for about five days and I have to leave now .
How long has she been in labor ?
Do you live in Pasadena ?
If you make an appointment with a job counselor , they can also provide you with a lot of information . Do you want to see a counselor ?
How many people are in your family ?
thank you !
I really want to switch things up .
The same as usual .
A gold watch !
Thank you . Now I see that you are my true friend . Most of my so-called friends left me at the moment my company went bankrupt . You are the only one who has stood by me the whole time .
Hey Lydia , what are you reading ?
I might try it myself .
Even you can bargain with the owner of one on-line store , although he or she provides ' But It Now ' prices .
Put it on the table .
Welcome to Game World . What can I do for you ?
What is wrong with you ?
Sure , but this week is crazy for me . Can we make it next Monday ?
Hi , Tina , it's Joe .
I'm glad .
In summer I go hiking , and in winter I ski .
Because the company is far away from home , and I have to study after work so I can't afford to waste time on the road everyday .
well , this might be silly . But I just can't get him off my mind . And I can't help missing him .
OK , wait a moment please .
This is Sue from work .
OK . I'll have that .
Martha . What's wrong ? Why are you crying ?
If we want to beat WebTracker , we're going to have to work hand in hand .
I guess they must not have your contact information , so they sent it addressed in care of your department head . Anyhow , they wrote to confirm in writing what you discussed about the Milton contract .
Wow , Arthur ! You ' re as blind as a bat !
Thank you for inviting me . Sounds lovely ! I would like to come . Where is your new apartment ?
I had no idea that I ran it .
That would be lovely . But now let's go and get a drink .
Now , if you'll just sign here , the Mac is all yours .
And I have to get up early , too . Are there any non-stop trains to Beijing ?
What made you decide to get into computers ?
I would like to sit near the window .
Oh , there is a car exhibition tomorrow afternoon . I have two tickets . Would you like to go there with me ?
You know what ? I don ' t think I can hack it here out in the countryside . I ' m going back to the city !
You can choose from several play modes , or you can use the full-spectrum equalization , 3 D mode and Mega Bass features . We rec-ommend using it with the studio monitor headphones .
We will go to climb up the hill tomorrow . Let's go to supermarket to buy some food .
She must be an honest person .
I'll go in time , thank you .
That's perfect ! Can you say that again and record it for me ?
No , really . I can only hear a little accent .
Get on , PLS . Where do you wanna go ?
I think I ' m tough not only physically but mentally .
This Friday .
Will you please copy these diplomas tor me ?
First , you have had an impressive growth record , ever since the company had been founded for half a century . Second , I can improve myself by working here .
Our room number is eleven-seven and my name is Terry Chen .
Really ? How many do you have ?
Really ? Are you OK ?
When will you be free ?
well , are there any other advantages ?
Oh , bathroom blues .
Not yet . But I am thinking of inviting her to dinner sometime . I know some good restaurants nearby .
Certainly ! Would you like my American Express card ?
good night , sleep tight ; don ' t let the bed bugs bite !
Yes , not bad . Like turn your cell phone ringer off and find a private place to make calls which it ' s showing your respect to your co-workers .
The hospital announced this morning that his condition is poor but stable . What does that mean ?
It's Gone With the Wind .
I ' ll do that soon .
It ' s my pleasure . Would you like another glass of champagne ?
That ' s for sure . You ' ll know our products better after the visit .
So your room number is 201 . Are you a member of our hotel ?
Well , these things happens , I know that . You just have to stay straight with me .
I would say it was a typical run-of-the-mill Hollywood thriller .
It ' s all right .
Yeah , me too . Did you hear about Frank ?
OK . Dose it include breakfast ?
What did you do in the interview ?
( The hair stylist cuts the customer's hair . ) Almost done . I just have to even things up a bit . ( She shows the customer the results . ) Will that do ?
What do you mean you already voted ?
I like the country too . It's quite famous for its culture .
Happy birthday , Ms . Lin . Here is a present for you .
We had extra time of course .
Yes . You can save a lot of money in this way .
Get out of it ! It wasn't as good as you think .
Your muscular shoulders and chest impress me so .
Haven't the Olympics been stopped for a long time ?
I'd call it one of my hobbies . Do you know much about photography ?
Very good , sir . Will you register , please ?
I hope my baggage aren't overweight .
That won ' t be a problem .
Sounds like I'm missing out on a good time . Oh , well , there's always next year .
What day is it ?
Rocky six is suppose to come out this Friday .
Mary , please go to the door . I hear the bell .
Yes , how long will you intend to stay ?
Ah , umm , kind of .
I just saw Something About Mary last night . It was hilarious .
Hello . I'm here to get my salary .
At that time her back was ramrod straight as she sailed by , her tone is best , neither over-passionate , nor too cold .
You said it ! I can't believe he lasted as long as he did .
Spring .
I'm hungry .
Be careful , the cartridge can be very hot .
It's a great honor to have you here , Mr . Brown .
Go to a voting booth and vote .
That's cool .
we would , but let's just go and see if there's an opening now before it gets worse .
It ' s a skill . What can I say ? I don ' t know why , I just have a long routine .
I think you made the right decision .
Excuse me , driver . Let me off here , please .
I really appreciated it .
Could you tell me where the office is located ?
He's a hero in our town .
I try to keep it to myself . But there is a lot of gossip about us .
But they are closed today .
Yes . You'll be better in a few days , I'm sure .
I'd suggest that you go to the Philately Store in Nanjing Road East , where the items are authentic and the prices are reasonable .
I see . And what loan amount are you expecting ?
The doctor will be with you in a moment . I just need to ask you a few questions .
Great . At first , you can put the chairs back .
That's exactly why my business is doing so well !
No , ice will spoil the taste .
John ? Can you come over here for a second ?
They give me a lot of congratulations .
He said he saw my job-seeking information on the Internet , and could offer me an appropriate job .
Your idea may be a good one , but the trouble is that there are risks of pilferage or damage to the goods during transshipment at Hong Kong . How about shipping them from Seattle instead of network ? You may choose either one as port of shipment . It makes no difference to us . There are more sailings from Seattle than from New York .
Your doctor has requested a check of your white blood count .
Do you feel tired ?
For example , some countries restrict imports by quantitative restriction .
What do you plan to do for your birthday ?
Wow ! You really like fruit , huh ? You've already had 3 plates !
It will be expensive , but we think it will be worth .
Mary , it seems that your family and friends have been calling you recently , am I right ?
Kara , would you be interested in going to dinner again this Friday ?
You can check them from the fax yesterday .
Five percent .
Since this is a white t-shirt , you can just pour a little bit of bleach on it and it will do the trick .
They've agreed to work over-time until it's finished . They've even decided to come in on the weekend .
I don ' t think so . As the saying goes , " A great oak needs deep roots . " I ' m really interested in this job .
Wine ' s fine by me . Let ' s order a bottle of the house red then .
When I quarrel with my husband . He didn't even try to cool me out .
Well , why should we hire you ?
How did it grow into such a large place ?
This is a one-day trip . We ' ll have to keep going and try to reach the top by noon or give up right now and go home . Which one do you choose ?
I have some photos here taken by myself . Would you like to see them ?
Yes , Steven . You always know what I want .
I wanted to . But he said , no , the box is still in its plastic wrap from the store . If it's opened , other people won't believe it's new .
You look so tan and healthy !
I know , but I keep thinking of him every day . And I get really depressed when he's not online .
Hi , could you help me find a place where I could buy some lunch ?
Would you like to choose a chicken ?
I'm from Germany .
Which university will you go to ?
Oh , yes . That is a beautiful color . It has been a very popular lipstick this season . I have just two left .
You can have a different carpet , but you have to pay more if it costs more .
At 2:00 .
we boarded the plane on time , but then we were held up for almost an hour due to a maintenance problem .
What ? Leftovers of what and from when ?
Twenty .
Thank you . You save me .
What's the advantage about tea ?
It seems that yesterday the Mexican government declared wouldn't pay back the loans it got from the World Bank . The government declared a default on the loans .
Is there one in particular that you like ?
Yes , I know that . It's why Ive been trying to become one of those suppliers . I hear you're a good man to do business with .
Yes , it is . But even in emergency rooms there is some paperwork to be done . Have you ever been in an emergency room before ?
But it was her that makes us so embarrassed .
So you must like NBA game .
Thank you . I have to leave now . If you see Pamela , tell her I'll write to her .
Let's go to the theater and buy two tickets now , shall we ?
Yes , me too .
Have you already forgotten ? What's the date today ?
Yes , but not including overtime pay . I'm looking for a salary slightly higher than my present one , with opportunities for raises if I work well .
Now that I think about it , I can see how you missed it .
It wasn't enough , because I'm hungry again .
My hat ' s new , too .
This is the house I want to rent .
Wow , so you'll be out thirty dollars on your first week at work !
How do you get along with your co-workers ?
Thank you . I am very happy to have my own office now . I ' Ve never had one before . It is very nice .
So funny . By stealing , I forgot all my sorrows and pressure from work .
I will try my best . Here is the draft . Would you please go over it and see if any modifications are needed ?
Yup , it ' s all set .
I really can't stand going to parties .
Don't worry about that . I'll reimburse you as soon as I receive the package .
I'm looking for a gift for my daughter .
Are you on the top floor , or is there another apartment above you ?
Not bad . At least I am still alive .
Albert ? Could you co-sign this approval sheet ? Accounting ' s getting really picky .
Well , I ' m sure he had a perfectly good reason ...
I need to take care of some business that morning .
Because English is nothing but a tool which is used when people may negotiate in international conferences , probe into physics , release some information in a press conferrence , and do anything we can do with language . Therefore , an interpreter has to know some expertise in the field he / she serves as an interpreter . Otherwise he / she can not carry out his / her work smoothly .
Did you go to the Summer Mountain Resort ?
Here's your $ 200 .
Right . Well , the benefits are a little different . With our Corporate Card you can use it for agency collection and payment .
Yes . We have in stock a variety of styles and they are in different colors . What do you think of this one ?
No , it's a semimonthly .
Next please . Hello . How can I help you ?
What are they ? I ' ll be careful .
It ' s just the cows that are grazing over there . We can milk them later .
Regarding what exactly ?
What was the charge for ?
Wait a moment . Here is $ 10 you paid for duties .
No , they look like little bells .
I like the apartment , but I see something wrong with it .
We are not seeing each other any more .
Hello ! How are you .
Thanks . I appreciate it .
I'm sorry . The restaurant is full now . You have to wait for about half an hour . Would you care to have a drink at the lounge until a table is available ?
I have made a reservation for my breakfast last night . But I still haven't got it . I am so hungry now .
Well , Betty . Since you ' Ve done well during the probation period , we decided to employ you formally . And now we need to sign the formal agreement .
Just do like this . Very simple .
I have heard about it while in China . it is called a " yard sale " . I didn't have any idea of that until today when I came here to the big " yard sale " .
It's very " in " these days . Some of the places are really expensive .
I appreciate you bringing the wine . It goes well with the chicken .
Souvenirs ?
Usually , I go to London twice a year but sometimes I go three or four times a year .
I love being photographed ! If I were famous , I ' d do interviews for all the top magazines , like cosmo and elle .
One more thing , have you got all people's phone numbers ?
Hello , I am Mr . Johnson at room 309 . I would like to have a safe box . Do I need to pay for a safe box ?
Sorry , tomato soup is not being served today , but we have egg soup , it's very delicious . Why don't you try it today ?
Could I ask some questions regarding to the social benefits ?
Wow , I didn ' t know ! It always looks so cool and easy in the movies !
OK I'll take three . What's the flight number ?
Why do you choose our travel agency ?
I see . That ' s ok . I ' ll pay .
While you are thinking about what you might like to order for dinner , would you like to order your drinks ?
I will do my best .
MI stands for Middle Initial .
Yeah , but I can speak English , too .
I'm glad I did too .
I have been looking forward to this performance all month .
Where are you going to live after you're married ?
Just take them for your good friends and have a talk with them as we do . Make sure you won't lose your temper !
I love the dancing figures . I'll take this music box .
I think this suits me . Can I try it on ?
Looks like anything fun makes you excited .
Indeed , I agree that is not a good start . How about the meeting ? You missed anything important ?
Maybe he shouldn ' t come to collage , he should become a football star .
We have to go to the mammal area . We are at the gate right now . We need to go straight from here and turn left and go along to the end and make anotherleft turn .
Do you have an extra battery ?
7 o'clock tonight and there will be 5 persons .
Oh , I see . I'll have beer , please .
Wow , with such a big change . We won't have the same name ?
You are really a good employer , Mr . White and I am very lucky to have such a good boss like you . But this new job is more in my field of interest training . It's something I have always wanted .
Could you pick up Mrs . David from Ford Company at the Capital Airport ?
The van will be driven by Mary and me .
How has school been going ? You come home so late every night ! You're really a hard worker ...
Why don't you go shopping online ?
I thought I ' d have an early lunch and go immediately afterwards . Does that sound ok to you ? Bus 51 goes directly there .
Is she attractive ? I don ' t think I know anyone like that .
What ' s happened ? Is there a problem ?
I will choose what I like . You don't know what a torture it is for me to study English , because I don't like English .
Because too many people in the office are on holiday .
Mrs . Schmidt ! What's happening !
No . I ' m serious . I ' m going to quit my job .
That's for sure . You know , it's really amazing to be in the best concert hall , listening to the performance by the best orchestra . I had the greatest time ever .
Good idea ! Let's make ready , then .
They're much better
Are you even listening ? I ' m trying to have a conversation with you .
By the way , is the fair the same for any distance ?
Yes . But only if you ask me nicely .
He's just a distraction , like a mosquito buzzing in my ear . I want no distractions .
I need more water !
It's a lovely day , isn't it ?
Yes ? Why not ?
That's true . We can not judge people by appearance .
I stayed up all night writing a report .
Would you mind relocating ?
You will never guess where my family is going for summer vacation .
I like it a lot . It has a very funny beginning , I think . It attracts your attention the moment you begin reading it .
If you need anything else , please feel free to ask me
Certainly , sir . Double or single breasted ?
Come on . You ' ll feel better after we hit the showers .
There ' s an interesting feature article in the chronicle about doing business in china and the daily news has printed a report about the special economic zone near pairs . We have a subsidiary company l
That ' s okay , I ' ll take the stairs !
They are my own flesh and blood . It ' s hard for me to see them suffering .
Excuse me , you look familiar . Did you use to live in New York ?
OK . Where ?
You have gone against the traffic rules .
Is your waist any better ?
It's OK . Thank you .
Well , uh ... I didn't catch the last part .
Not everyone thinks Japan is beautiful , but to me its beauty is breathtaking . You feel the same way about France , don't you ?
nothing .
Yes , it does . Now could I have your name , please ?
OK , let's cut to the chase . what are they like ?
No , this will help answer your question . In American society boys and girls are raised together . They ' re not segregated in their activities ! Boys and girls go out together from an early age .
He ' s standing on a ladder and banging some nails into the wall with a hammer . Now he ' s hanging some strong strings on the nails .
To tell you the truth , I have never thought of being a swimmer . I swim just for fun .
Yes , that's it .
OK ... Here you are . Any problem on that ?
It ... , I think the neighbor on the right .
Hi ! Peter . How are you ?
Hello , I bought a China dress in your shop this morning .
I will . Thanks a lot .
All of the time tested healthy habits from around the world .
I recommend our New English Pizza .
I think you'll like the experience , sir . It's a great workout .
I ' m in the middle of something right now . I ' ll be there in a second .
Right ! So how do I do that ? What will make you happy ?
That's very sensible . It sounds like you have a good head on you shoulders .
You must be joking . Those two ?
Well , the stereotype in the movies is that L . A . is a frivolous town with a lot of flaky people . I guess , in the back of my mind , that's what I expected .
When can you get the finished product to me ?
Don't be too critical . We can't expect it to be perfect .
No , it doesn't . And there's a maintenance fee for each month . It's forty NT per ping .
After that I choose something from one of the few brands that I know will fit me . I prefer white , so I ask them to bring me a pair of white sneakers in my size . Since I ' m usually only given one or two pairs of shoes that meet my qualifications , it makes it a very easy choice .
Yes , I know . And next time I must make good preparations .
On the contrary , I have been reading a lot of books about the subject .
I want this letter registered . There is something valuable inside .
OK , so are you ready to learn how to bake a cake ?
What's her job ?
Round trip or one way trip ?
We'll use wooden cases if you insist , but the charge for packing will be considerably higher , and it also slows delivery .
If you are in a hurry , you should take a taxi .
Would you rather have her or your old boss back ?
What I can tell you is that I voted for our next President of the United States .
What's the weather like ?
So why are you dieting this time anyway ? Another guy ?
Make sure to catch it going west .
Well , I think I want to order the new Accord then . It looks like an excellent car .
May I have my bill , please ?
Stop running around in front of the TV , will you ? Why don ' t you just sit and watch ?
But what about settling down to start a family ? Doesn't anyone want to get married any more ?
Let me see . It's five minutes to eleven .
AKIM 400 .
Thanks . I think you look nice today , too .
How can you say that ? But , you could give me a piggyback the rest of the way .
Where can I get the information , Kate ?
Yes , it has great curb appeal .
Ok . Next thing is laying the corner-stone for the new plant at 10 AM . At 12 AM , back here for lunch .
And all of the flowers are in bloom .
It's not that I don't like your cooking , but I ate some cookies before we had dinner .
Oh , I see . But a proverb says " Money makes the mare go . " I think it will be better if you have more money .
I will make an arrangement for it .
All I do all day is work and watch TV . I really should start thinking about my health .
Of course , you have . You must try harder this time .
I don't think the lecture is very interesting .
I didn't sleep a wink last night .
I have a lot of work in the office and a lot of chores in the house . How I envy you , Robin !
Really ? That's great to know .
What reason do you have for missing school ?
I thought you would like PE .
Certainly madam . Here ' s your key . Your room is on the 7th floor and on the left . Room 781 . Check out is at 12 noon .
All right . What's the problem ?
Here's a twenty note .
What does she teach ?
Sure , here you go .
Dieting . It's the price we pay to make men notice us .
Fine ! I ' ll start drinking and having home cooked meals that are low in fat . Are you happy now ?
I will open it for you right now .
This one , Shogun , looks good .
I ' m sorry you didn ' t get accepted .
what's the cost ?
When you're thirsty , you're not supposed to drink soda .
Yes . No doubt about that . For us , coffee is more a living style rather than a simple drink . I heard Chinese people don't drink that much coffee .
Which one is cheaper ?
Good morning . My name's Jason Smith .
Size one . By the way , what if I bring home this sweater and my wife doesn ' t like it ?
You are really a wet blanket .
I am happy that the wine I brought for you works well with this meal .
Thank you for your delicious meal .
Do you know where she went ?
Yes , your check will be a little late in getting to you .
It just started hurting me last night .
Show me the black one , my size .
What's the difference ?
Do you prefer brandy or ports .
right now , I'm doing some research into the languages of different African tribes .
Thank you for joining us ! Now let's see some pictures and know more about kung fu .
And when would you like the rooms ?
No problem . First of all , we can provide a business licence . Secondly , Enterprise ID Certificates , Forex registration and ...
You and Tom also make a great couple .
Good , I have my backpack and my camera tripod .
How do you feel about overtime work ?
No , I'm not an English student . But I do like English . I'm going to be a volunteer in the 2008 Olympics where I want to be helpful with the language . So I try to improve my English .
I'm sorry it took so long .
Nah , I just check my weight , I'm getting fatter .
It ' s a start , but I ' ll be happy when I see you stick to your promise !
That's perfectly all right .
Thank you for you help .
that wardrobe looks quite big . Is it full of clothes ?
That looks great . Just one more thing---you need some high heels with those jeans . Do you want a pair with a plain pattern or ones with a leopard print on them ?
No , it stopped at Honolulu . Would you like to book one ?
Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10 ?
What kind of repercussions will there be for the people who are held responsible ?
I've paid for it . Here's the receipt .
Afraid so . The more the better .
I would like to watch the Oscars on Tv tonight . How about you ?
To some extent , he is . And what do you think we move to a better place ? I can't see him clearly from here .
Several minutes .
I hope so . Would you like to join me ?
I would like to make an appointment to discuss the problems I keep having with my apartment .
I'm sorry , but I think you should give me no less than 65 yuan .
Why ? What do you mean by that ?
They're going to give us back the seats ?
Mister , I have an account now .
Ok , right this way . What color did you have in mind ?
they've scheduled the negotiation meeting for 9:00 tomorrow morning . That should give you enough time to have a quick shower .
I don't need a car . I walk to work .
First I need to get your address . Try to move your arm as little as possible .
That depends . If you are lucky , you can see a vivid rainbow across over two peaks .
Airport security . Could you empty your pockets over here , please ?
Your dentist must be proud of you !
Dream on !
Check the local time before you call . You don't want to wake your friend up by accident .
Sure , I'll go get it for you .
We never fail to meet our client's expectation .
Excuse me , but could you tell me the way to the railway station ?
That's a good idea . Let's go !
Okay . But our baby has fallen sleep .
No . These terms need to be amplified .
No wonder .
But you know it's hard for a new graduate to find a god job right now .
sure , what would you like to discuss ?
And nobody knows who built them , right ? It's a total mystery !
Bye-bye .
I ' m afraid you can ' t . you ' Ve to go out there and walk around .
the rapidly expanding economy has encouraged many students to pack their bags AMD head for home .
Fine today , though a bit under the weather last week .
Cinct de mayo ?
Where did you go to university ?
Have you ever done your shopping at Whole Foods market ?
She had a sudden heart attack .
That is a perfect reason to like a certain kind of music .
I really have no excuse , madam .
I think some Chinese wone marry foreigners for money while others just want to live abroad . There is no true love between them .
Yes . And what dances do you like best ?
Well , let ' s see . I ' d like to go to see the Summer Palace .
But many girls nowaday do want to marry a man filthy with dough .
I think the smaller carry-on bag can go in the overhead compartment , and the others can go under the seat .
You can bring one , if you want to .
Don ' t you think people get their personalities from their parents ?
Good luck . I'm sure you will do a good job .
6 o'dock in the evening .
I need to cancel an account .
I know that magazine . It ' s very popular .
I heard you were promoted to general manager of IBM ' s China Head quarters .
Yeah . We went to a movie last Saturday . We saw Police Partners II .
That'd be nice .
It doesn't take much time . I ' m used to tidying up my room myself .
And you think about her all the time ?
Not much , Just a house party with some friends .
Would you like an extra blanket ?
I wish he could understand . You know what , if this goes on , I think I will get stick like everybody else .
I'm very sorry , sir . I'll ask the manager to take care of this .
That ' s right . Then wait for the green light and turn the handle .
Certainly , work always comes first .
Oh , good morning , Mrs . Liu . I'm calling to see if you have received my resume that I sent to you by Email .
Anything else today ?
For real ?
Mary , how was your date with john ?
Did you meet the new girl in our sales department . She is taking the place of Maggie during her alternative leave .
Don ' t worry . You can take night classes . I did that when I had kids . And soon your child will be old enough to attend kindergarten . Then you could find a job and work .
Thank you , please fill out this form for us .
I ' Ve never seem such a scene either except in films .
I went to a small school in Connecticut . It has a very good reputation for its languages department .
How do you think they could be ended ?
Do you have any certificate that has something to do with tourism ?
Well it ' s my first night in Beijing . What should I eat ?
Does the pian become more intense at night ?
I think he ' s the boy who just moved into my apartment building .
A Twin , please .
Who's that old lady trimming the trees ?
Oh , I know that place . It ' s only two minutes drive .
She was pretty , her hair was the color of rich dark chocolate , waving gently to her shoulders . Her complexion was clear and golden .
Is there anything valuable in it ?
Well , first of all , it needs a new engine , which is extremely expensive .
Then what makes a ' set ' of clubs ?
Are you free on the thirteenth in the afternoon ?
Yes , we do , thank you .
Are you sick ?
May I take a bus or a taxi to get there ?
It's no big deal .
Yeah . She's a healthy beautiful girl .
This feels great . I'm all reed up . I can keep going all night .
They said I matched the description of a robber .
Just over a year I think . Why , what's the problem ?
Sure . But it will be a long hike 30 miles in three days . Have you been hiking before ?
Here is your RIB , the exchange form and receipt and your passport . Please check the amount .
Oh , I see . Then can I buy slides and picture postcards somewhere ?
It sounds interesting .
1 thirty P . m . But I've got to check in at 12 thirty P . m .
Can I borrow some money from you ?
It is . But unless you are critically injured , you still need to wait . You aren't bleeding , are you ?
We wish to express our desire to trade with you in leather shoes .
Yes . And also , we can find Yuanxiao with both sweet and salty fillings .
I lost track of time , am I late ?
Yes , please . Have you any vacancies for tonight ?
Oh , there's plenty . Flowers and plants from all over the world , of course . Besides , gardening techniques are demonstrated , modern facilities displayed , academic exchanges and seminars organized , and folk performances of different nations shown almost every day .
Oh , I see . You like Chinese style , don ' t you ?
I'm sorry I don't like it's a little too salty .
Please don't be nosey .
No . That's incomplete .
I got it a while ago , but I haven't worn it much . You really like it ?
Bruce . By the way . Can we have a table by the window ?
We can do that . It'll just cost you extra .
Hello again . Have you come to a decision ?
She is threatening to evict us for not paying the full rent .
What ? What ' s up ?
We need to put our name and contact information across the top .
Good idea ! Is two o'clock okay ?
no , should I have ?
Goodbye , Alice .
I would like the student pass .
are you also going to Beijing ?
OK , we will let you know as early as possible . By the way , will we be able to get a refund on this cancellation ?
Oh . I wonder if she'll go for that .
I ' m moving out .
Now , if you'll just sign here .
Thank you very much ! How long have you been working here ?
And your destination ?
good afternoon ! Can I help you ?
Not tonight , but thank you for the suggestion .
Don't worry . I'm almost finished .
Are you going to Helen ' s birthday party on Friday evening ?
I don ' t really like Henry . I like my Rose .
Nice meeting you , too . Good-bye .
I have no idea what you ' re talking about . The only sporting event we watch at home is the Super Bowl .
Hi , Susan !
You'll get used to it . After everything stabilizes , you can regain your health .
Moooooommmmm ! You're so in ! Anything else you've been keeping from me ?
What time did he come in last night ?
I don't feel so good , Mom .
I really miss the change of seasons like we have in Colorado ; but I must admit , this sure is a nice spring day .
Sure , like taste , variety , nutritional value , what I should do is move into an apartment off campus where I can cook for myself .
How about the iguana ?
You have your library card , right ?
So they have started the year end sale earlier this year .
How many times did you stab the victim ?
Rock ' n'Roll , I guess .
Yes , that was the first thing we did . We went all the way to the top . There were visitorsfrom all over the world taking photos there .
Resume Writing and Interviewing are our two most popular workshops .
I can't . I am really behind of my work .
Let me get the manager to sign one for you .
Yeah , and you never have to worry about scraping for change .
Aren't you happy now ? I hadn't seen the piano when I was a child .
You'll be sorry if you the boss finds it out . He may probably give you the bag .
I am good at sprint and table tennis .
Sunshine Hotel .
This is a very beautiful statue . What's it called ?
more or less . There's just one thing bothering me .
That permit will run twenty-five dollars ; will that be cash or credit card ?
300 dollars .
Our school has a link on its website for apartments .
I love ice cream .
Sorry , sir , here you are .
I ' m fine , thank you .
Does your watch keep good time ?
It's Monday , October 27 . Speaking of dates , when are you leaving ?
350 yuan .
The mini bar door was open when I checked in . I didn ' t use it . Could you send someone to check it out ?
I have the chills . Can you turn on the heater ?
Sorry , I ' m not a volleyball-fun . I ' d rather play football . How about you , Mr . Wang . ? Are you interested in volleyball ?
Rachel Jason .
This is my first time here .
There are three elevators between one hundred and forty-eight units .
Well , to begin with , we ' re going to have to get a new desk for you and I ' d like to replace that old typewriter .
It sounds interesting . Can I go and see it ?
What do you need to buy ?
It's comfortable , but now I'm a little tired .
Do you have any pills for airsickness ?
Can you pick me up from the airport ?
Who's singing in your home , Jim ?
A glass of juice please .
I'd like to leave a message . Please ask him to give me a call as soon as he returns . He has my number .
Volunteer in a zoo ? What specific things will you do ?
I can , but not as well as I'd like to . I'll be studying Chinese until the day I die !
No , I have two older brothers and one younger sister . What about you ?
Huh ... I think 7 % is little high that might be hard to do . How about this ? We'll give you a discount of 4 % , but you can have 90 days credits .
You are welcome . Have a safe trip .
Similar to a Promissory Note , yes . I can deal with that for you right here . The difference between a Promissory Note and a Bill of Exchange is that this product is transferable and can bind one party to pay a third party that was not involved in its creation .
David , I heard you lost your job .
I think that the most important thing is you can ' t live all by himself . It takes a lot of people working and cooperating together . The more really close friends I have , the better .
How long will I wait for ?
What a beautiful day !
Good morning , welcome to Bank of the USA . How may I help you today ?
Pretty well . I don't know if I'll get the promotion or not , but I feel good about it .
Yes , it is , and the lustre will never fade out .
But remind you , there are some forbidden activities .
No kidding ! We have only 5 bottles of beer .
Well . Yes , but those people always start talking to me . I never talk to them first . Perhaps I'm not as shy as I think . Anyway , you're certainly not shy !
Those are good answers . How did she react ?
What kind of medicines does the doctor usually prescribe to children who get high fever ?
Oh , I'm afraid it's too expensive . Can you show me something cheaper ?
Make it quick .
Special effects ? Baloney ! That movie was made on a shoestring budget . They've been using trick photography like that for years
We should probably let everyone know ahead of time so they will be prepared .
Are the children all grown up now , Rose ?
It's impossible for me to get to sleep right now .
Sorry . I'm afraid you couldn't .
Hey Bob . Whatchy doing ?
May I see the inside for myself ?
Sure . You can have a Telegraphic or a SWIFT transfer .
Nothing , son . I'm already very happy .
Yeah . Other than that , the real feature is the excellent drinks . Can I have your ticket ?
Oh , look , what's happened to Jack ? He sat down .
It's very nice . I'd like to purchase this refrigerator .
Let me show you . We have this rose colour . We also have different shoes of beige .
I see that you have bought several new pots and pans and utensils .
Hey Nick , what are you up to ?
Forgotten about it ? How could you ?
How much is that going to cost me ?
This is room eleven-seven and my name is Terry Chen .
We will need the reservation for Tuesday night .
You may tell me both , Ma'am .
That is not for a while . His birthday is only in August .
Sorry , but she ' s out .
Are you sure of that ?
Okay , have you made a wire transfer at our bank before ?
Not really . I know that it happens , but if you buy from reputable companies with secure websites , you should be ok . Even though I use online shopping facilities , I don ' t think it ' s the best way to shop .
I was sitting happy with a 3 . 4 .
whatever you say . I just want to get to my meeting !
I'll call the tourist information centre to check .
And you think I fit the qualifications ?
How much is an airmail letter to Japan ?
Yes . Applications will be accepted for this position until next Friday .
Mr . Wang , I want to apologize for being late again this morning . I just can't get up in time for work .
Dad really knew what he was doing when he chose you to take over for him when he was gone !
Oh , the final exam is coming soon . I feel a little bit nervous .
How many ports do we call at on our passage to Qingdao ?
Peter . Peter Brown , you know . Don't forget to bring the letter .
You're going to mop the floor until you can see your face in it !
But I'm not sleepy , darling . I want to finish it today .
Don't worry , I'll make sure and get to sleep in a little while .
If it's a problem , you don't have to do it for me .
Hey , look ! They ' re playing reruns of the 1996 Olympics .
The current owners will be moving out on Tuesday , so technically you could pick up the keys and move in on Wednesday .
The new couple next door divorced . Have you heard about it ?
Oh , great . Where was it ?
Would you like to come by and play bridge ?
Yes , you are doing great .
May I ask how many people there will be in the party ?
Very funny ! Get a move on ! People will be here any minute .
for me , traffic jams are quite stressful , because I'm pretty impatient . How can I prevent myself from getting stressed if I get stuck in a traffic jam ?
You must have enjoyed yourself .
yes , my brothe and I are going . We just finished making our itinerary .
Thank you . You ' Ve been so nice to me .
Ten yuan for each kilogram . You ' ll have to pay 250 yuan for the excess baggage .
We ' Ve got a lot of work to do now , but take your time over this project . We don ' t want to make any mistakes .
Sure . Let me get it out for you . What is your size ?
well , there ' s a wildlife documentary on tv in a few minutes . Shall we ?
How about winter ?
Well , that was an intelligent thing to do .
How about this one ? It's graceful in style .
Jack ! You've really done it this time .
I haven't decided yet , but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must .
Fine , thanks . I ' m having several friends over for dinner this Saturday . And I was wondering if you have the time to join us .
Don't be afraid . She isn't going to bite you .
I like the plot . It's so full of twists and turns . I also like the main character . She is so humorous and smart .
What was your duty like in your previous job ?
I have another savings account open already .
We apologize for any inconveniences that may be caused by this . If your flight is urgent , I can put you on a waiting list for another flight this evening , but it's on a first come first served basis , so there is no guarantee that you will be able to take that flight .
Well , since we're collecting gifts instead of red envelopes , I made a " for guests only " gift chat room .
Get used to it , Mary . I'm off hamburgers for good health . Most fast food is loaded with sodium .
Do you get up early every morning ?
So tell me about it !
What ' s wrong ? I thought we agreed that you were gonna quit smoking .
Please follow my instructions . Use a wet towel to cover your mouth and nose . Walk quietly to th nearest emergency exit . Now go get the wet towel .
You ' re welcome . I enjoyed helping you .
He is looking to see if you have a bladder or urinary tract infection .
Between Second and Third Streets . The store is across from the hotel .
What about my resume ?
Where are you supposed to store things without any cabinet space ?
She is , like , mega-intense , isn't she ?
Thank you . oh , can you get me some orange juice as well ?
Ok , I'll have it for a change .
Oh , you can take the subway , get off at B stop and walk north for several minutes . You will find a building . It will take about 40 minutes in total .
Marketing manage office , can I help you ?
What is your major going to be ?
So far we could only deduce this way . If you want further information , would you please call us 1 hour later ?
You haven't ? If you've never tried it I can show you how .
Sorry , I'm busy . Why don't you ask Alice ?
He is not young as he looks . I think he's almost sixty .
Who will take your place ?
Yes , we don ' t want everyone to burn their mouths and have a drink gallons . of water . Ok , I ' m really to do the meat . Should I cook it over a low flame ?
Seven thirty . There is only 10 minutes left and look at the long line !
Look ! The iron is still on .
In five years , I ' d like to be a senior manager of this corporation .
Forget it ! We seemingly need to gather money little by little .
Cheer up . You have got me at least .
OK , thanks .
Ok , shall I make a coffee first ?
Really ? Who made that rule up ?
Sure . There's network of canals . And there are white walls , black tiles , small bridges , flowing rivers , flagstones roads , blue sky and white clouds . Few places have preserved the past like this place . Walking on the ancient road makes us back to our sense .
That's alright . But you really should have another drink . People will probably start dancing soon .
One cream of fish soup and two portions of prawns .
Sounds good . But on Saturday there's a football final .
I ' Ve already tried some but it didn ' t help .
No problem , Miss .
And I want a large box of chalk , too .
How did you know that I love red roses ?
those are good answers . How did she react ?
How many rooms do you need in the flat ?
Welcome to NO Bank . It's Mr Zu , isn't it ?
Bob is really handsome .
No . I ' Ve never made a transfer before .
I think it is unemployment that gives rise to such social problems .
Good idea . I ' d be very happy to go there .
Yes , the pain comes more intense when the weather is bad . And the pain comes more intense when I walk too much .
Have you seen her ?
I had to run in and get something quickly .
It's on the second floor . Have you got your records ?
It won't be long until your food is delivered . I know you'll enjoy it .
I really don't think it's any of your business .
I'm afraid I have lost my air ticket while I was shopping .
never mind . Let's go to the falls and try again .
Actually , he was OK with it . They hadn't been getting along too well .
Sure that ' s fine . This is so awkward ... what ones do I pick ? What size is she ?
Woo , your home will beautiful on Christmas .
I wish that I were good at the discus , but I could rarely throw it in the right direction ! I was awful . With the hurdles , I could never jump over them !
Sure . Look here . Canada is north of the United States .
I make around one hundred thousand dollars per year .
What's the special here ?
With your prime rib and chicken choices , you'd better hope nobody's vegetarian .
I will . Where can I leave my luggage ? I really want to leave after lunch .
Almost zero .
you shouldn't take it too seriously . It might be a lie .
I don't think so . There's too much competition .
What would you suggest to see ?
yes . It was so crowded . I'm worn-out . Let's find our seats .
Www , I don ' t know how you can eat your eggs like that ! Ever since I was small , I ' Ve had eggs and soldiers .
Is it furnished ?
Yeah . Love me , and love my dog .
Thank you . The last name is Foster .
So , how do I use it ?
I'm afraid I forgot to lock the door .
That sounds just perfect . I'll talk things over with some colleagues and get back to you . Thank you very much for the information .
OK . I'll blow .
Here's your change . Thank you .
How about a dinner tonight ? My treat .
Hey , that ' s a very nice hairdo you ' re wearing !
Just go to the end of the store . And it will be on your right . We have all the ice creams and frozen foods back there in the freezers .
Really ? But can you guarantee the safety ?
Well , I wasn't planning on spending that much money today , so ...
OK . I'll try . But I'm not sure Federal Express picks up mail in this city . If that's the case , I'll send the package through Chinese express mail service .
OK . I will deposit my bag right now .
You better do some exercise every morning .
Oh , it's the first of April , April fool's day
May I have your ticket and passport please ?
You ' re such a geek !
A foot massage sounds like a great idea . They are very relaxing . I ' d also like to have mudpack on my face . It ' s supposed to help with your complexion .
Three . And bring four bell peppers .
Cathy , I'd like to introduce the new microwave stove of mine to you , because it is easy to use .
Well , income taxes were decreased last year in hope to give the economy a boost , but I think it's backfired . The immediate effect of the tax reduction was to cause inflation to rise .
I'm a great cook actually . You will see .
The first bus you need to get on is the 268 .
What time was it scheduled for ?
All right . See you then .
You can't be serious .
Maintenance Department . May I come in ?
That would be a good shot . Can you take my picture here , dear ? Please try to get the garden in the frame as well .
Why are you handing me a plastic cup ?
I heard that ben is forming his own band .
At least , it can free you from the crowd . By the way , do you come from China ?
The morning one , please . I want to go coach .
Okay . But be prepared for an all-nighter ! I doubt you will want to put it down either .
I want to try something exciting .
Yes , what kind of room do you want ?
I don ' t think I can get up enough nerve to do this .
OK , we could look at that .
May I know what you do ?
Yes , this is . May I help you ?
I think that unfortunately it ' s more important than a person ' s character . Advertising and stuff tells us that we have to be attractive . I think it ' s wrong , but that ' s the way the world is now .
Yes , almost all the families have their own cars .
OK . I'll see you then .
Well , Mr . Brown , we've settled everything in connection with this transaction except the question of payment in yen . Now can you explain to me how to make payment in yen ?
I need to buy a new refrigerator today .
I had the soup and bruschetta which all together is  4 . 50 and my trout for the main course was  12 .
And lightweight , too . It'll play for 20 hours on two AA batteries !
What are you doing to raise money ?
That's weird .
yeah . Mixed marriage is tempting but crisis-ridden .
My hair looks awful .
I can ' t believe people voted for him .
To visit our supplier ?
When is your flight ?
Sure . If you want more coffee , please go over there . There is self-help coffee maker .
Well , I don't quite like the smell .
We want to look at some of your products .
If my husband cheated on me or treated me badly , I would get a divorce .
No , I haven't .
Which film shall we see ?
What are you talking about ? We always eat the stuff here .
I'm afraid I lost my ticket . Can I buy one again now ?
Mom , I've got something to tell you .
I know I'm late . I'm sorry . I tried to call you to tell you , but your phone seems to be disconnected .
Well , I was hoping you would do me a big favor . That was supposed to be a rush order , I forgot to tell you . I ' m getting a lot of flak from my boss .
I can't think the same .
Your budget is a good idea .
I just heard your boy had taken the first place in the history test . He is super cool .
We should say we are very interested in that job , and we hope to get that job .
I'm afraid I haven't had any experience in just this sort of work . I'm studying business administration in college . I want to get a job that would tie in with my studies .
That is guaranteed . Each box is lined with foam plastic in order to prevent damage by air , water or stress . Besides , cardboard boxes will be secured together on wood pallets by overall metal strapping .
Yes'm .
Yes , I will move on to XYZ Company .
Go alone if you want . I will wait at that cafe and have a soda .
Good morning . I ' m Liu Yi , from China XYZ Company . We have an appointment with Mr . Thomas .
Once in a while we have visitors from abroad and I would like to be able to ask my secretary to take them shopping and sightseeing .
What does my white blood cell count tell him ?
Yeah , this sucker is the fastest thing I've ever owned .
Yeah . I heard a lot about it . Is it really that fun ?
How's your business ?
Jim !
Are you applying to study or work abroad ?
Okay , here are the forms . Can I use traveler's checks to open the account ?
How about going swimming ?
I usually just drive .
Thank you . I ' ll give you a call this afternoon to set the time . There ' s nothing like seeing things with one ' s own eyes .
It may be cheaper , but it takes a long time .
Yes . I've heard a lot about it .
That's a great relief . I was worried about him .
Did you go to the movie yesterday ?
Your car is ready .
The idea is that the people and dates change , but the reason why things happen stay the same .
Well , I like others very much , but I really don't think much of this one .
About 50 miles .
What's it like ?
I'm not sure ... well , first , it couldn't be George . He is such a kiss-ass . He'd wash the boss's dog if he asked .
Well , we have the Thompsons , the Greens , and the Anderson , about twelve people total .
Yes . In 1996 I received my Bachelor of Science degree from Hebes University , and in 2001 I received my MBA degree from Peking University .
Honey , you know , we don't have enough room for a pet dog .
Cut what out I ' m not doing anything .
I ' m sorry but , to be honest , you are a terrible employee !
Well , it ' s really too late . I have to go now .
I am afraid not . I have no interest in them at all .
Will it possible for me to rent the apartment on a month-by-month basis ?
OK . Your bill includes the doctor's fee and the cost for a 3 - day supply of medicine . It comes to one hundred yuan .
Nearby , on the banks of the thames , there ' s the statue of Boadicea . She fought the Romans when they invaded Britain .
well , that's true .
For the wedding ?
This is the result of women ' s liberation .
They may want to know how the company will benefit and why they should hire you ?
Help will be there in just a few minutes .
I'm not really into racecar driving .
I know he really deserves this .
I recommend the roast pork chops .
Ooh . Sorry , that ' s not good for me . I am tied up all day Friday . We ' ll have to do it next week . I am wide open then .
Then I will send it by air , thank you .
I usually take the five thirty home .
We are going to Jingshan Park . Originally it was an imperial garden while it is now a public park .
Oh yes I am . I have always wanted to go to the States . I love meeting new people and making new friends .
Do you have a cold ?
What's the matter with you , Paul ?
What about the divided skirt ?
Yes , I'd like a large soda , please .
For the past 5 years , I have been in an Ericsson ( China ) Communication Co , Ltd .
Well , whatever it does , I feel transformed !
I am , too !
Okay , come right this way .
I'm sure it's broken .
Thanks . Have a nice trip .
You know .. I have a weakness for long dresses .
Welcome to Beijing . This is my business card . I'm an engineer . If you need any help in Beijing , just give me a call .
I'm doing great , thank you .
Tom , darling . You'll try not to be late for dinner tonight , won't you ? Please !
Yes , is that you , Allen ?
Excuse me . would you lend me some wreckers
Not really . Things have been going OK .
I think it's a good way to develop our language ability .
Oh I hope not , my first marriage was a mistake , but this one isn ' t .
You do realize that all the evidence points to you ?
Okay , let's sit over there .
I thought they had already agreed to everything . That ' s going to take weeks to rework .
I think to get the business done , you should at least reduce the price by 20 % .
He's number four .
Well , it's hard to say . For the fields and rivers , winter is a relaxing season , but for farmers , I think they might take a rest physically , but mentally they are still busy thinking , planning and calculating for the working of the next year .
What are those . Miss Liu ?
can I see these silk ties ?
Let's blow on it .
What do you do to deal with the stress ?
I hate third base . It's scary when the ball is coming at you so fast .
We don't have a decent First Aid Kit , do we ?
Can I have the receipt ? Just in case I can trace it if something goes wrong .
Yes , bring us two steaks and two loads of bread , please .
Which one would you recommend ?
You're going to re-sell it on eBay Taiwan ?
Yes , they are the latest designs . Would you like to try them on ?
It ' s going pretty well , but I ' m really tired !
Now I am afraid I can't get to the airport on that day . I want to change my flight for the 21st . Is that all right ?
Let me tell you the story . In 1892 , Patty Smith Hill and Mildred Hill wrote a song called " Good Morning to you " . But later someone added the words " Happy Birthday " to their tune .
It is . However , you will suffer from muscle pain for many days you are a first-time rider .
I think I'm going to go home .
How come so cheap ?
I've heard about Enrail passes . So those Europeans really depend on trains a lot .
But I don't know what to do .
Yeah , time for more coffee !
Yep ! Are you going to the rock concert Friday night ?
The band is pretty good . How do you like the music ?
Hey , that's a really nice outfit you have on .
Neither , can I have them scrambled ?
Well , I guess people who lived here before didn't clean the bathtub .
I couldn't agree more . If you have the company details with you I can get on with that right away . Is there anything else that you need from us today ?
That's right , Nigel . I think we can keep cost down .
It looks more like a toy , or a cool briefcase !
I usually put them into my bank account . I think that is a little secure , though the interest rate is low now .
Then give me a large one and an egg drop soup .
He ' s hanging from the string . He ' s holding onto the string with his fingers and shouting to Mrs . King .
Yes , we do . What size do you want ?
do you mind if I sit here ?
Here is 200 yuan .
Yes , that sounds great .
Did you take the written test ?
I would like to meet on Monday .
I want to know what port does our ship stop at ?
If confronted with difficult task , what will you do ?
May it be used as a sofa in the day and a bed during the night ?
I'd rather have a cup of coffee .
Hi honey ! What ' s wrong ? Why do you have that look on your face ?
I was wondering if I could collect unemployment benefits .
Actually most of them are dirty . I haven't done laundry in a while . I usually wait until I can do it at my parent's house .
Yes , sir . It'll be a moment .
Within 2 weeks once we receive your orders .
When do you have in mind ?
I have had disagreement with every director . I ' Ve worked with . We ' Ve always disagreed in a friendly way and we have always resolved our differences . It was the same when I made this movie . I don ' t no
Good morning , Jason . How did you sleep ?
I've seen nine more cockroaches than I wanted to see .
I'm coming back on the 17th .
You're not looking happy . What ' s the matter ?
Not bad . Actually , it makes me look younger . I like it .
In fact , they ' re both very excited about the coming baby . Evelyn imagines what their baby would be look like , since one parent is American and the other one is Chinese .
Thank you , Mr . Johnson . You ' Ve made a guaranteed reservation at the Guangzhou xx Hotel , from April 16th to 20th for 5 nights . If you can ' t arrive as schedule , please inform us before 6 p . m . on April . hank you for calling and we look forward to serving you
Maybe they have some good pie .
Five hundred in hundred RIB notes and the others in ten RIB notes , please .
I appreciate the referral , doctor .
Yeah . I hate all this traffic . It's really noisy .
Hey . I'm a visitor from China . I love your music . It's the best I've ever heard . Will you please spare a little bit of time for me ?
Sorry to bother you . But I ' m having a small problem I thought you might be able to help me with .
Yes , but it's much smaller .
It ' s interesting that Americans work very hard at their jobs , do not take naps during the day , and yet they can be so heavy .
Okay . Thank you very much .
I was born on April 15 , 1986 .
I am totally fed up with my boss . He has crossed the line one too many times with his sexist comments . This time I am really going to report him for sexual harassment .
Just kidding , M . Why don't you come work out with me ?
OK ... OK ... Anyway . I will treat you as my best friend . I hope you can do the same .
Oh , over there in Pacific Pavilion .
Well , you should come this weekend . I think you could do the climb .
I'll certainly try to help you . What topic is your paper on ?
I guess I'd buy that ...
Good question . I have to think about it .
Which aisle has the produce ?
I think you must have heard wrong . The truth is we are going to be taken over by Trusten . We are being bought out , and our company will be merging with our largest competitor . It ' s not good news at all ...
Oh , speaking of the conductor , he is indeed a genius . He did a perfect job . His name is Menuhin , a descendent of Russian American immigrants .
Yup , better for the environment and better for us !
Hello . I want to buy some RIB , is it OK to use US dollars ?
Of course we can .
Has the game started yet ?
When did you last see her ?
Do you have any going anywhere in the EU ? If you do , those are less expensive .
See . Great minds think alike .
No , I'm stuffed . The check , please .
That is just a natural , grammatical English expression . It has a direct translation in other languages .
Kobe .
Thank you , Ma ' am .
Sure thing . Here we are .
Well , do you think I have to ?
We'll first go to Mount Tai , then we'll go to Sichuan by air , after that we'll be leaving for Tibet .
That'll be $ 70 , please . Will you be paying by cash or charge ?
I never knew there were so many fun things to do on a farm .
Yeah , that ' s the best part . All of my children can get free medical care .
Just get out of my face !
You can ' t take me to jail ! What about my sleigh ? It ' s Christmas Eve ! I have presents to deliver ! Rudolph ! Prancer ! Dancer ! Get help !
You look tired . Did you sleep well last night ?
Come on , you can't be serious ! We should never give in to terrorist's demands , otherwise where would we be ?
How much is the salary ?
Shall we go to cinema this evening ? The new blockbuster starring mel gibson is showing . It ' s supposed to be really good .
Right ? OK , got it .
i was just opening up an attachment in an email about winning the lottery .
Front Desk , may I help you ?
Usually people with high blood pressure have no symptoms , so we call it the silent killer .
Here's 30 yuan for my ticket .
I've never counted .
Great ! Warm up with some scales and arpeggios first . Good , good . This week , work on keeping the rhythm steady when you play the last part with the sixteenth note . Now let ' s take a look at this
It's my pleasure . Well , then , see you tomorrow .
I'll make a report for you and please claim this to the insurance company with this report .
Look , we need to have the Stars . com account , right ?
Yes , anything wrong ?
It's hard to say . They all had an active campaign to round up the votes .
All right . Would you please stand closer to the flower bed ? Good . Smile . Say " cheese " . OK , got you . That's terrific .
I can terminate my life insurance policy when I retire and use the money as a pension .
Yes , we got wet through . But we still enjoyed ourselves .
Hawaii ? My dream honeymoon destination ?
ok . I've had one of those before . They're really sweet and crunchy .
In the playground , miss .
Yes , there is shrimp in there along with sea vegetables and lemon grass .
I ' m catching the 9 fifteen train tomorrow morning .
Are the rooms nice and bright ?
Can I start moving in after I finish signing these documents ?
I heard you've found a new job .
He wants to go over the bonuses for this year . He ' ll need to meet with Mr . Winthrop and Ms . Montgomery . Can you set it up for me ?
Did I ? Well , anyway , you will get your raise when the economy starts picking up .
It should be no longer than an hour .
Is he ? Yes , he looks pale . Is there anything I can do for him ?
Couldn't be better .
No , not every day .
When would you like to move in ?
What was the party like last night , Jean ?
About 40 percent , if he speaks slowly . When he speaks fast , I can only catch a word here and there . But Mr . Wang is an excellent Chinese teacher . With his help , my Chinese is getting better and better e
Could you tell me something about investment environment of your country ?
The first is accounting entity , and the second is going concern . The third is measuring unit . The fourth is accounting period , and the fifth is objectivity .
To the office . I'll be right back .
I believe we can solve disputes through an amicable negotiation .
The answer for number 6 is C , 7 is B , 8 is A ...
Not well . I ' Ve been feeling pretty lonely lately .
Does the article say anything about other language ? How will they survive in an English-speaking world ?
I don't know what his problem is .
I bet that you wish you hadn't done that .
I want to work in the English Department , as I am an English major .
Actually , it's not that good . I can read but I can't speak very well . I haven't had a lot of chance to practice .
Yeah , it will be fun ! I have a 9mm pistol that is really easy to shoot . I also have a revolver that ' s really fun too ! They have big targets at the range that we could use to practice and improve you
How about some chicken , ground beef , and some steak .
Could you do me a favor ?
I could not and can ' t make out the reason why she would set her heart on a man like Dick . He plays the field with many girls .
Uh , well , no , not really , because I haven't worked in England for a long time , so I haven't taken a bus for a long time .
I hope to see you at that time again . Bye .
Do you remember our first date ? I got a really special gift .
Would you like to sit in the hall or in the private room ?
That looks great , but I will also need your driver's license or other form of I . D .
I wish I were just as handsome .
At 11:00 o'clock .
How long have you got ?
There ' s a problem with that .
Yeah . I know .
What do you think is the real danger man faced in space ?
Sure . I'd be very glad to be your tour guide .
Look , Bob hasn't made any progress on that project .
It fell out of the garbage bag .
27th day of the fourth month .
Oh , I see . What other languages can you speak ?
What's your favorite kind ?
Great ! It's good to see you . Goodbye !
I was born and grew up in hebes Province . I moved to Beijing , where I started taking courses for my MBA . When I completed my degree , I was offered an opportunity working for a financial services company . I've worked there for eight years .
Don't worry , I'll drive you .
Excuse me , what is this ?
It ' s a fun job .
No , but thanks for offering , actually could you bring some fold-up chairs for people if you have any ? I am afraid not everyone's going to have a seat , do you have any ?
Hooray ! I can play football with daddy . Mom and sister can play badminton .
I disagree . He was polite and informative , and he drove smoothly . One should reward good service .
Not very much .
Paul ? I need to work out a time to get together with your people .
No , I haven ' t , but I thought about joining the green party .
She doesn't need to do that , I didn't do anything .
What exactly are mangoes ?
Do you mean that you ' re self-supporting ? I didn ' t even know you had a job !
Where is Tom ?
It's summer in Sydney so you have to bring your summer wear .
Well , my friends and I are planning on going to Shangri-La on Saturday . Do you want to come with us ?
Cooking is a hobby with me . I'm always trying to think up new recipes . I hope you like the soup . It's kind of a specialty of mine , so I hope you enjoy it .
It's Chinese New Year ! That means it's time to eat hot pot !
Lodge , You must come around sometime , You have to check out my mew stereo .
May I know how long will it take to get some more in from the factory ?
Never ever come to work drunk , also smoking in the office is not allowed .
Yeah , you are right . But we have to know how to make good use of it .
Five months later .
The thing I like most about them is that they did not play with a heavy heart even though at that time the odds seemed to be against them .
Yes , your laptop is on the chair .
Oh , God . I just forget it .
I got it for parking in the red zone .
We need to figure out how much money we are spending and what we are spending it on ?
You should just ask the bus driver for a transfer .
That suits me fine .
I guess he hit him too hard ; the referee just called a penalty on the home team .
Is it full ?
What do you feel like having ?
Has anybody spoken to him about it ?
The place is OK . Let's go there and have a look at it again .
Yes , just a simple apartment , nothing too big .
That shouldn't be too difficult . Since this is a small neighborhood , maybe they will take this suggestion .
Oh , yes . Marvelous !
When was it serviced ?
Good morning , I am Monica . Are you Mr . White , the manager of finance department ? I am the newcomer and also working in the finance department .
I think the most important thing is the nature of the job . One should never do anything one is not interested in . To me , pleasant working conditions with co-operative staff are also important .
how about spicy food ?
Actually , they are small dumpling balls made of glutinous rice flour . They are like Tangun .
What's the matter ? It doesn't taste good ?
Hello , Steven , what are you doing now ?
If you could just talk to him , I would greatly appreciate it .
Oh , I like red wood . How much do you charge for it ?
Poor boys ! They work harder at school nowadays , don ' t they ?
No , I can't . I'm left-handed .
Do you really want it that short ?
All this is thanks to the efforts of my superiors and colleagues .
And they're really safe . They'll protect your ear from sound damage .
Just a moment , please . Yes , I can let you have Room 560 with a view of the sea .
Not really . You should try to not eat foods high in calories , salts or saturated fats . Stay away from oily food and artificial flavors .
The 4 x6 will be OK . Thanks .
You must be feeling terrible for Mary .
I ' m very proud to be employed by your firm .
Really ? I want to go , too .
Oh , through a lot of hard work , of course .
The ref signals the start of the game and here we go . Ribero serves and China quickly receives the ball . Chen bumps it to the setter , and ... a very nice set by Chen !
I want to buy the toothpaste , the brand of Jiajieshi .
Hello . Dr . Brown ' s Dental Office . How can I help you ?
I will explain it again ; especially for those of you who arrived late .
Excellent . We will meet all your conditions if you can meet our demands .
If you like you can try it on . The fitting room is in the corner .
How long are you staying in Britain ?
I missed today's weather forecast over the TV .
That's right . Let's go into details of it .
1218 .
How happy you are ! I have to stay at home to prepare my final exam .
What are you thinking ?
That sounds like a very quick meal .
I also hope your quality will meet our standard .
I stabbed his belly three times .
Could you copy this document for me ?
Actually me , too .
Are you serious ? You studied mathematics at college for four years , and now you have a job working with your hands !
Do you have it in size L ?
Don't worry , I will come to pick you up at about 6 thirty .
I changed my strategy around too . I invest in good companies now .
Have you met Professor Smith ?
The same to you !
Tea does good to people's health . There are many kinds of tea . Say , black tea , green tea , scented tea , brick tea , milk tea , Jas - mine tea , chrysanthemum tea and so on .
What did you say your stop was ?
What a surprise meeting you here , Landy .
Five hundred dollars altogether .
Yes , I'm from Salt Lake City .
That's a crying shame . It really is !
You can ' t go any lower than that ?
Yes , I intend to go to university . That'll be in September . But it all depends on my A level results .
We have received many bookings . But we'll try our best .
Do you have any sunscreen lotion ?
Sure . Take your time .
Hello , this is Lucy from ABC Company . Is this Monica ?
I ' ll be very glad if you would help .
Easy come , easy go .
Yes , it is . Which department for ?
Alright this is a good one . What would your mom say if you told her you are going to get married ?
I like alternative music .
Who ?
I really admire you for that . How is it going ?
Excuse me , can you tell me the way to Holton railway station ?
I think I ' m going in the wrong direction , aren ' t ?
don't worry . You won't be sitting there by yourself .
I had a terrible quarrel with my neighbor yesterday .
I must apologize . I ' ll buy you a new one tomorrow .
Would you please fill in this application form ?
Yes , I think I am . Let's meet for lunch at mouth restaurant .
Most people grow accustomed to the climate , but there are many others who complain about it all the time .
Aw , Mom . I don't want fruit , Aren't there any chocolate chips ?
Here are the plans for the new finished goods warehouse . Do you have any thoughts or comments ?
is this seat taken ?
I would appreciate that .
That ' s alright .
For sure ! I mean we ' Ve learned how to apply pressure to stop bleeding , how to check for a pulse , and even how to apply CPR !
I love it here .
I didn't know about it . What did you do ?
Oh . . . By the way , I saw you with your daughter at the office Christmas party . She is really beautiful !
I usually play with my schoolmates .
Elvin stopped by to see me .
I've come to say good-bye .
We were decorating and I ' m going to ask some things .
Who will be there ?
How much does it cost ?
That sounds just right to me . What was wrong with it ?
Well , we've just finished laying the cabling and we're waiting for the safety inspector to give us the go-ahead to continue . I'm just going to meet him . Do you want to come ?
Do you think you can come ?
Yeah , I guess I can survive until tomorrow .
What type of tools ?
I'm so glad we decided to go on a cruise for our vacation .
No problem . Here you are .
That's 680 Yuan .
That was heaven !
I never went to court .
Actually there ' s one on the same street as this hotel .
that's right . Most of the Chinese students pursuing higher education in Australia intend to return to China .
But what if something happened to them ? What would happen to my money ?
This one is 5 % off . That one has no reduction , but you can get a free tube of toothpaste with six toothbrushes .
Why don ' t you have a water or juice instead , so you don ' t get dehydrated ?
Ok , let's go .
Oh , that ' s right . Go ahead anyways . I ' ll fill him in . We can ' t lose this order under any circumstances !
That'll cost me a fortune .
I ' m glad you are getting better .
Well , I want to let your boss know that she ' d better hold on to you ! You ' re a hard worker !
A little , but the rush was worth it .
Dad , it makes no sense .
Would you please let me know when we get there ?
I am swapped with work after 10 - day holiday .
Can you tell me the specialty of your computer board ?
yes , yes , he's right here by me .
Regrettably , no . But simply present your VISA to cover your deposit .
If I go to EDD in person , what type of workshops might I find there ?
Personal Loans , how may I help ?
No , I have not .
Who did you vote for ?
I like red .
Go ahead . Waste your money .
that's what everyone says ! I can't wait to see it for myself some day .
May I ask whether we are allowed to wear casual clothes in the office ?
You should get plenty of sleep .
I would also like to check out this magazine .
Yeah , history , what about you ?
Yes , I have a three-year-old son .
Great .
It ' s ready to go .
From the 25th to the 28tri of September .
OK , so the first thing we are going to do is pre-heat the oven , that way we have it at the desired temperature once we finish preparing everything . Set it to three hundred and seventy five degrees Fahrenheit .
So did I . that's why I didn't take my umbrella . I got cold in the rain in the afternoon . It was raining cats and dogs .
Excuse me , miss . Can I have my dinner please ? I am so hungry .
I hear ya . Let's do it .
I guess we should start with nominees first .
By the way , how long does it take ?
I think this route is quite interesting . How long does the tour last ?
Well , I like playing the violin .
Yeah , unfortunately , nowadays directors are often more interested in making money than making a good film .
Well , that is the chart showing our company ' s organizational structure .
I wouldn't mind eating some corn .
Thanks , Mary . You are real pal . I'll call now to set up an interview .
check your petrol situation .
Don't you know they've already broken up ?
Thank you , but the bus stops right at my house .
That's why I can profit from it !
Beijing University . Do you know where it is located ?
How about summer ?
I am sorry I am so late to work .
The thing that I find most surprising is that most of the world is covered with water . Compared to the oceans , most countries are tiny .
Oh , What a cool job ! How long have you worked there ?
OK , but please hurry . I think the restaurant is closing soon .
It will be impossible for me to stay here .
I thought you'd be a bit more excited about this . Everything will be paid for and I'll send my assistant with you to take care of everything for you . All you have to do it get on the train tonight a
It's really spectacular .
I have no idea .
Honey , you should know that I love you so deeply .
How much money are you looking to make ?
I am . What can I do for you ?
Don't you want to go to the visiting hours ? This sheet says they are tonight .
I ' m thinking something exciting but . safer .
I didn ' t know you were taking any kind of class . Tell me about it .
I need all of my supplies right away .
In case you didn't know , I'm checking out in half an hour .
What's the date today Mr . Brown . I don't have a calendar .
How do you like your new boss ?
I'm sorry to say the only term of payment we can accept is 100 % irrevocable letter of credit payable against shipping documents .
Much better . My heart sank when Mary told me that she wanted to leave me .
I ' m terribly sorry , sir , but I ' m afraid it is true . That flight has been canceled . Would you like to try to book tomorrow ' s flight ?
Perfect ! I like this one .
I'm feeling a little under the weather .
I am attending Hebes University of Technology .
Am I ready for what ?
Oh , no , it won't . Just stand there , please .
How do I take the tablets ?
How do you think the report I wrote ?
In a way , it ' s similar to your experience of learning Chinese . Some Spanish words are very similar to English ones . But I need to practise listening to native speakers and saying the words myself .
Yes , I'd like that , then .
I'll call you .
Did you vote today ?
I'd love that . I'm so glad I quit . It's time for a change .
What special skills do you have ?
All right . Your name , please .
Tariff provides the government with extra tax revenue .
Three times a year at most . How do you feel about this ?
One Whisky .
Thank you for hiring me . See you then . Bye .
Ben cancelled his trip .
Curse the worst oven in the world .
Good morning . Can I use my cellular phone during this time ?
Economy class will be fine .
Yes , right over here .
Do you import any food items ?
why is that ?
No , madam . May I help you ?
Hi ! Someone has reported a fault on one of your copiers .
How long will it take to learn English ? Will I be able to take other courses next semester or will English take up all of my time ?
I ' m sure you will enjoy yourselves .
I'll check it over . Oh , there're three flights available that day . one at 2 p . m . , one at 5 p . m . and the other at 9p . m .
How would your present boss describe you ?
I went straight to university afterwards . What about you ?
I thought it was O . K . But it really was too hot . And I think they should show people more . The exhibits should be more interesting .
Don't mention it , I'll just wrap this up for you .
Thank you ! I'll be sure to return the favor after our first class , OK ?
What's its name ?
Well , do you want a thong , some bikini briefs , maybe this nice pair of lacy boy shorts ?
Well . I am afraid you have made a mistake . It's not the dish I ordered .
Those young actors play the roles perfectly .
my travel agent always reminds me to plan a day of relaxing for every 3 days of sightseeing . Did you go to the Louvre ?
Well , I suppose one of the problems is ... will depend on what a person's life style is , and that if he has other outside interests which are equally important to him as television , he will then , you know , hmm . be more careful about which programme she wants to watch because he has time which he wants to use for other things .
OK . We will increase our order .
let's go out for a walk .
It's a blackout . Now I can't see Seinfeld .
On all our new cars , the standards includeair conditioning , anti-lock brakes , air bags , and an AM / FM stereo with a CD player . But on the Accord , there is another standard item as well . The Accord com
Oh , it ' s right downstairs . I ' m going there myself . Just follow me .
There ' s a train at 7 a . m . It'll get you there at 11 a . m . But there are many stops along the way .
All of his works have been translated into English . I recommend you to read one or two works of his . You'll get a general glimpse into Chinese kung fu culture . When you go through the pages , you are likely to feel they are not about kung fu alone , but cover all walks of life .
finally we're on board !
What ' s going on ?
maybe . How about a mochaccino ? Are they any good ?
how could it be ? They are due two weeks later .
It still feels really strange to me .
OK , so we just start counting hours at midnight and record it . Show all minutes as a dot and then write how many minutes . OK ?
No way ! That sounds great !
I do like Thai food . Did you see much of Bangkok ?
I am worrying about it too . I want to install a security door .
World affairs ? They look at the most important stories in more detail . I find it fascinating . Do you buy a daily paper ?
It's nice of you to see my off at the airport . Thank you very much .
One of our most popular ! The usual interest rate is fixed by the PBC . That is The People's Bank of China . But of course , with some loans , credit rating and loan amount come into play , too .
It wasn't too bad . At lease I'm alive .
Hello , Mr . Kramer . Could you spare a minute ?
Dude , what are you talking about ? Only girls do that .
This room is unfit for humans . I want another room , and I want a refund for tonight .
We'll discuss the contract in detail .
Maybe . I will look around .
You don ' t belong here .
How about yourself ?
Well , we have most of the furniture already . We mostly need kitchen utensils , bathroom accessories , cleaning and laundry accessories--things like that . And Albert wants to set up a little off
He sounds like a sick cow !
No , you used to be . But not now . You are in love with someone else . You are in love with my friend , Janet . You appreciate her very much . You think she is beautiful and fun to be with and you think I ' m dumb and uninteresting .
Oh ! Thank you very much . I heard that you are currently writing a collection of short stories . What are the stories about ?
Sure . Let ' s go . What are you going to have done ?
I don ' t mind at all . You can ask me anything . We ' re friends .
It does seem like the perfect day ! I ' m glad we chose to get out of the city and enjoy the nice weather ! This looks like the perfect spot ! Ok kids , put on your sunscreen while your mom and I set up camp . Here , Mary , help me lay down these beach towels .
Cappuccino is one-third espresso and two-thirds a mixture of steamed milk and froth .
I couldn ' t either at first , but you get used to it .
If a customer is interested in some certain goods , he can ask the web company to have the specimen of the goods shown on the color screen , and then the customer can place an order online to the sales company . And then the goods you want will be delivered to your home . The service is perfect and the delivery is free of charge .
Maybe . Maybe I will .
My fish is very dry .
Then you'll have two choices . Train No . 14 leaves at 6:00 p . m , and train No . 22 leaves at 8: 00 p . m .
I want to study German . Can we exchange lessons ?
Really ? Wow , I don't have to go to school tomorrow .
You have a colorful life .
Did you use to work at NYU ?
It is very quiet and peaceful . This is what I want .
Can it hold soup ?
And next ?
More often than not , the understatement is ' I'm afraid it's time you leave ' .
Steven , have you ever met Hanson ever since he went back to London ?
I really like that outfit .
I will , good luck .
how about your tongue ? Does it still hurt ?
Will you be voting this year ?
Very quiet and safe . And it's got a lot of trees and plants .
Cool ! The sound is great . These earphones are awesome !
I ' m going to work at the polling place .
A company account . I need to pay a bill .
Since it's your first time to Vienna , I think you should go to the concert .
We have a flight that we'll put you there at ten AM . Is that ok ?
According to the dictates of Eng Shut , it is favorable to site a residence to the south of a nearby hill . When the capital was moved to Beijing , no hill existed at this location , so one was constructed . It is called " Coal Hill " . The last emper-or of Ming Dynasty , Chongzhen , committed suicide by hanging himself here in 1644 .
Right . But people at that time only know two words , " save " and " assistance " , they will never don't lift a finger . Life is the most important compared with anything else .
Where do you live now ?
Can you type , Jane ?
What do you use your computer for ?
What do you expect of the position ?
hello , Jason , there is going to be a screening of Final Destination 3 at our campus cinema tomorrow . I plan to go to see it .
Also some traditional Chinese food , like noodles and dumpling are marketed in modern ways with improved food quality . I heard this year , the government has imposed very stringent inspection on the hygiene conditions restaurants and suppliers of food are also under tighter control .
Some Chinese food . I ' m hungry , and there ' s a take-out restaurant near here . We can have them deliver and then watch the news on TV while we eat .
Well , as I know this company is one of the largest and best in this field of business . It mainly produces toys for children . It employs more than 10,000 people throughout the world . The president now is Mr . Jackson . The Shanghai branch was founded five years ago with a staff of more than 2,000 .
Check out the flyer with all of the home ' s information on it .
Please ma ' am , if you could spare five minutes of your time , I am sure we could find something that interests you !
Noirin , N-O-I-R-I-N , it's an Irish name .
Sorry , sir . The only tickets of the same performance available are on 21st .
OK . I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you . However , I think you should work harder at your new job and then you can ask for higher pay .
No , the burn ointment seemed to take effect right away . I think it's already healed .
Oh doctor , I feel so foolish .
Right . It's very strong , just like alcohol . ( Frank sips Mao Tai . )
What is the price for this one ?
Her birthday is on the 9th . We ' re going to have dinner at a Mexican restaurant , and then maybe go out dancing .
All right . I'll call you tonight and tell you the time .
Did you panic at the time ?
How is it ? Did you learn anything here ? Why are you taking it again ?
Do they often happen in your country ?
The answer is Belle Opaque . It's a Spanish movie , and the title means The Age of Beauty in English .
Not very expensive .
Tell me , Mr . Han . What do you suggest if we establish long term business relations ?
Thanks . I plan on it .
Tomorrow I will be the new owner of all dad's assets .
Ohhhhh ! And I just got all my juices going !
you have a point here , but I believe some mixed marriages are based on true love .
so what did you do ?
No , never . I don ' t think I ' Ve ever met a girl taller than me ! Have you gained weight recently ?
Good morning , sir . Are you Mr . Wang , the personnel manager ?
Pilgrimages are common in many faiths .
Yes , madam .
Yeah , I ' m going to be running the Walker Avenue Branch .
Goodbye !
I will need you to take your clothes off from the waist up and put on the gown , leaving the opening in the back .
well , the north of Norway is almost always cold , but further south it can be fairly warm in summer . It ' s a wet country , so there ' s snow almost everywhere in winter .
It sure is hot today .
It ' s not my fault . Daniel always sends things flying .
I ' m a bit upset about this year ' s bonus . I was really expecting a little more . Are there any problems with my work ?
Good evening , Mr . Smith .
About four days ago .
I need to make six copies of this report for the Board Meeting tomorrow . Ring Office Supplies and ask if they have any in stock . If they can't deliver this afternoon , I'll go and collect it .
Yes , I mean it .
Finding an excuse is obviously down your alley . And trying to avoid taking care of the children is what you are good at .
There's many books here . What about these ?
All right . Hop in , please .
Your definition on success ?
No , I don ' t . I go on a winter holiday instead . I go somewhere warm .
We could , but it looks like it ' s going to rain soon .
Excuse me , ma ' am ?
You sound like you're afraid .
What's that ? Don't tell me you've still got Christmas cards to write , it usually takes my wife a month to write all of ours .
My phone has got lot of static .
May I have my bill now ?
How do you research your books ?
I saw an interesting program on TV last night . It was about elderly people .
I don't like ice cream with too many different flavors in it .
We are going to climb a cliff on the Colorado River .
Look , Lucy . Things are not so bad as you said . This is our company ' s busiest time in a year . You need to relax a little . Don ' t push yourself too hard , ok ?
You can keep it until the addressee tells you that the letter has been delivered . It is the proof that you sent the letter if it fails to arrive .
Darling , I know you are a good husband . You don't have to work so hard . After all your health is the most important .
More than enough . Please fill in this form .
I had high hopes for NYU .
That is a deadly risky business . He should have it coming on him .
Tell me what you've been up to .
Welcome to Lincoln Bank . What can we do for you today ?
I'm an engineer at IBM .
What's the problem , sir ?
Could you also let me view some of the testimonials ? I'd really be interested to see what other group companies thought of this service .
There you can see british leaders , entertainers , criminals , and royalty .
Does it have a large circulation ?
R is for reverse , P is for park , and D1 and D2 are lower gears for going through snow , or up a steep hill .
Yes , I would like to look at some of your products .
That ' s what I said when I found out how much the rent was .
Ah , that's all part of the fun . What do you think of these shorts ?
I agree . The service was not good .
That's good . Can you give me a reduction ?
Why are you up so early , Mary ?
The ladder ' s falling ?
Sure , Merton Financial Advisors .
And what is the expiration date on your passport ?
Here . How do you like this one ?
Oh , my God ! It ' s my stomach . It ' s killing me !
I see , bring me the whole wheat toast .
I'm glad we took the train . I don't like to ride in buses .
I'm a student . How about you ?
My English isn't very good . I didn't know what to say to them .
So , you want me to carry your backpack , your thermos flask , our picnic , and you as well . No problem , jump on .
Exactly , I overheard a manager scold his employee in the elevator this morning , they were from the company on the 12th floor , I guess . They were only three of us in the elevator , I felt very embarrassed to be in the middle of them .
No , not yet . I just want to hair cut .
Look , Vince . I didn't mean to step on your toes , but we need to be decisive .
I feel a sense of accomplishment when I finish a job and it turned out just as I'd planned .
You ' re right on the edge of the city , aren ' t you ? There can ' t be much noise or traffic there . Is it easy to get into city centre ?
Thank you . Is there any mail for me ?
Perhaps it's the starter then ?
Is this the right counter for gloves ?
well , I think personal development is much more important than simply having a superior living environment .
I will chop your toes off , one by one .
Sounds good , regular car wash package will be OK .
Sir , the gym is just below the lobby . You can take the elevator or the stairs .
What for ? For the party , of course .
I agree . Both Joe and Mark are men of guts .
Black or dark brown .
Yes , but you have to get a phone card first .
Hey Ayden , I was wondering if you could do me a favor .
Okay , do we need any meat ?
Don't worry about the bill . Just call .
Oh , I don't know . It'd take me a long time to go round the world .
Could you tell me about your work experience ?
OK , Mr . Smith . When will you arrive ?
I think you ' re right !
Have you obtained any certificate of technical qualifications or license ?
What do you mean by that ?
Yes , it is . Please put your luggage on this scale .
No , sir . The sign says No Turn on Red .
Do you want to try the new coffee here ?
I ' m so jealous .
Oh , no . Go ahead .
Yes , Five one dollar stamps , please .
Well , he sure likes to run around a lot . Is he well behaved ?
Hi Julie , how are things going ?
I'll see you at the airport at 12 thirty P . m .
Ahh ... What a fine day ! I do feel like an outdoor exercise .
Do you need anything else ?
Hi Tina , It's Joe .
I heard you were on a date last night ! So , how did it go ? I want all the juicy details !
She's trying to be supportive , but I can tell she is very worried about our financial situation as well .
Thanks , doc . I ' Ve got a really bad toothache ! I can ' t eat anything , and look , my face is all swollen . I think it might be my wisdom tooth .
If I get the promotion , I will be a senior engineer instead of an assistant engineer .
Downloading music is really fast and convenient , and you can preview all the songs before you buy them .
I ' m sorry , but I can ' t find the book that you lend me .
With the tax , your total is $ 32 . 42 . Would you like to charge it ?
I'm glad that you think so . I thought it might be a bit too revealing .
And what is this ?
I think the course at Leeds University is interesting , but I think the one at Manchester University would be more practical .
I know , I know . I am really trying , but I don ' t have the willpower to just quit . I can ' t fight with the urge to reach for my pack of smokes in the morning with coffee or after lunch ! Please understand ?
Yes , everything is fine .
Yeah , but personally I hate bargaining . If I bargain , I might come to a lower price . But I will never know the true price of what I am buying , and I'll always have the feeling that I am over charged at those places .
You're welcome , Diane . I hope you can visit us again soon .
So you are .
Fine , I will pencil that in right now . We will see you then .
I ' Ve been busy , Hilary . We can set up a meeting to talk about the deal , but I still feel the same way . I don ' t think it ' s worth it .
Was he upset when you told him you had to leave this weekend ?
Wow ! What about the memory ?
Ok , see you .
Well , that's a thing .
I'd like to talk with you again about what happened .
What book is that ?
I had a great time . It ' ll be good to see them again .
Hey , Robert , that's a nice shirt you are wearing . Where did you get it ?
That sounds great . Is it casual ?
I need to save the rest .
Yes , I can give you a reservation on that .
The next bus will be here in four minutes .
Double A , R , O , N . Thank you , Mr . Johnson . May I know your arrival time on April 16th ?
Are there any Psychology classes available ?
Do they have any children ?
it seems the department still has some money left in the budget . Do you have any suggestions how to use it before the budget is renewed ?
Yes , I will . Do you need it finished right away ?
Oh , I'm sorry .
But promise me , you'll keep it a secret .
I'm sorry , I'm engaged at 2 p . m .
Hmm , yeah , well this girl here at the back , that's leaning on the door , um , she looks really bored , actually . Maybe she is going to work or something and she doesn't want to go !
Actually I will ! I am working out with a personal trainer that gets on my case if I don't go . I like it , because it makes me feel more obligated to go and get healthy .
Thursday mornings are usually the slowest around here . Why don ' t we set it for Thursday at 10:00 a . m . ?
But I purchased it yesterday .
And those pencils ? What should I do with them ?
I ' m fine . I ' Ve been out of town . I just got back .
Thank you . In fact , I am in a hurry . My wife is waiting for me at the parking lot .
All right . Will there be anything else ?
Surely , there are other ways to save money .
I'm afraid not . They were both wearing stockings over their faces .
Excuse me , are you Mr Williams from America ?
Around 3pm .
German .
What would you do after that ?
OK . Here is the money . Thank you very much .
What happened ?
Yeah , I'm expecting to come back on Tuesday .
Are you going somewhere ?
Yes , to tell you the truth . I am on the diet .
Susan , can you tell me in a nutshell what the retail market is like in China ?
How old is he ?
Yes . Everything is fine in the apartment . But I know nothing about this area . Could I ask you some questions ?
Yeah , I've been out of town .
Two of my sisters still live at home , even though they have already graduated from university and have good jobs . They enjoy spending their free time with my parents . I guess in that respect , I'm the black sheep of the family .
What are you eating ?
We haven't . Hurry up !
I don't know . I think the idea of a plant going across borders with a friend is really exciting but maybe seeds would be safer . You don't want to get her in trouble .
Oh , that goes in the refrigerator .
That's possible . At that time , they can choose any activity they like .
Sure , honey , we ' re talking now , aren ' t we ?
It opens at 9:00 from April to October .
What repayment period were you thinking of ?
did you have to wear uniforms ?
Where do I start ?
Yes , I want to go out . Would you like to come ?
I went bankrupt and I'm flat broke now .
Overtime work is very common in companies . I can work overtime if it's necessary , but I don ' t think we will work overtime everyday .
Would you like me to type it for you ?
Fast food restaurants are popular now .
How nice ! Have fun !
I couldn't agree with you more . There aren't enough educational programs , and even the news shows are not well done .
Thank you ! Have a nice day !
Ok . I've got a list of place that fit your requirements . Let's just go through them . The first on the list costs 80 pounds a month , but it's on a noisy street and it's a little far from the university .
Pleasure is mine . Here ' s my card .
We can do that , but you'll have to pay a little extra .
Yes , it is better than last year . They have done a very good job this time .
I'll make it up to you . Let me know how much it costs and I'll give you the money .
Good evening .
I couldn't agree with you .
Do you think that there is something magical about that place ?
And what do you do , Ted ?
Good morning ! Do you have any rooms available at the moment ?
I can check for you , if you'd like .
Hi , Kate .
Forget it ! It was a bitter pill for me to swallow .
A glass of white wine would be fine , thank you .
Do you have any special interests besides your job ?
I know the feeling . I ' m calling to let you know about this new Italian place I found . It ' s right around the corner .
Well , as I mentioned before , I think I am easy-going . I enjoy working and talking with people and I'm a responsible person .
You will be very beautiful on your wedding day .
I main market reasearch , and you ?
I have to say you're a well-matched couple .
Billy , you don ' t look too well . Maybe you should take the day off school .
The complaint rate for our new product line is very high , almost eight percent .
what do you think ? Does it taste good ?
What am I to do ?
did you take a photo with her ?
Yeah ? What does he want ?
I'm waiting for our President to lower the gas prices .
Okay . You're in room 507 . It's a single queen-size bed , spacious , and nonsmoking . Is that suitable ?
No . I'm from Taiwan . Can't you see ?
Well , the reason why I am calling is to tell her that our appointment in next month will have to be postponed . And the exact time for this meeting will be discussed after she comes back .
Certainly . ( He brings her the sauce ) Here you are . Can get you anything else ?
A good broadcast company usually does far more than press releases . Their people go out and do real reporting , talking to people at the stock exchange , fund managers , analysts , etc .
My name is Steven and I live in Beijing . I was born in 1980 . I have graduated from Peking University . I majored in business administration .
I don't have one single favorite , but these days I listen to a lot of Chopin .
I wonder if they left it sitting around too long before they served it .
The NASDAQ gained a few points today .
One last question
It's only seven minutes into the game , too early to cheer up .
perfect !
I heard that Janet has got a new job . She ' s working for the united investment group . I heard that they pay very well .
Well , you can't have everything . Let's just figure out what you will do if you lose your job . When is your contract up on your apartment ?
When will you be leaving ?
So , where did you grow up ?
Basically , a swim station is like a treadmill , except instead of running , you swim .
Hi , Steven . Do you have time and chat with me ?
You'll cook it of course !
Perfect ! You'll be working alone on that portion . Do you like to work alone ?
Ah ! It hurts . Don't touch it .
Schedule it for this afternoon , when Ken gets back .
But you're busy , aren't you ?
You bet . Now that you mentioned it , I think I'll call her now and see if she is available tonight .
Ha-ha ! You got me there !
It could be the battery . Let me Check it .
Akha .
This book I'm reading about Yoga is really interesting .
Will the internet even pop up ?
Do you plan on voting this Tuesday ?
I sometimes find the shadow of death in front of me .
553-2213 . Great , thanks .
Is 11:30 AM OK ?
Which is your preference , tea or coffee ?
No , and I haven ' t done anything out of the ordinary .
you refused the gift ? That's terrible .
Now tell me , what's your problem ?
Hi , Karen . This is John Williams in the purchasing department . Can you check to see if there ' s a package down there for me ?
Good . So you will have no trouble finding it .
Thank you . I have got quite clear idea of it .
that ' s true . I really should go home and prepare for the next test , but I ' m feeling tired .
Will it snow today ?
Either way . I don ' t care .
I'm from Madras .
Is it far ?
So the rate is variable ? OK , that's fine . How about the frequency of repayment ?
well , basically it's similar to face-to-face chat , but you type instead of talk . You should try it at least once .
Do you know what the BBS is ?
Jane ! What an enchanting skirt you have on !
Muslims believe that every man who is able should go on a haj at least once in his life . Mecca is the spiritual centre of the muslim faith .
No ! ! !
Your arms need to be raised to shoulder height .
Thanks , Frank . I ' d love to come . When is it ?
The post office ? Sorry , I'm not sure .
Maybe we can make reservations ahead of time ?
Yeah . That ' s right . What can I do for you ?
Something's wrong with my air conditioning .
It was after 2 am .
It's like this . It's square with a leather cover . Yes , I remember , there is a green string around the handle . That's right .
They are too bright .
3 weeks . I am here on tour .
Her acting is OK .
Any other benefits ?
Dad , when will you finish your cooking ?
I'll get that for you right now .
About a year ago , he started feeling weak all the time .
When you sent your emails , did you attach any files to them ?
Nice to meet you Mr . Taylor .
I usually play with my school-mates .
I'm wondering if anyone has turned in a train ticket . I just lost my ticket for Beijing tonight .
Can you read and write English well ?
He must be very brave .
Does that mean I can't use it tonight ?
Well . It ' s certainly nice . You ' Ve done a great job .
When are you going to make it ?
Excuse me , could you please turn on the air-conditioner , it's so hot here .
OK . I see .
We are terribly sorry for that . Could you please buy a new one and give us the receipt ? We will refund the cost of the laundry and the new sweater .
That's life .
I'm afraid I've got to go . I have another appointment at five .
Ahahah ! What is that thing on your couch ! It just moved !
While staying in love is even better .
It was great meeting you .
Yes , the service was quite good .
I get that , but let me just sleep for a little bit longer .
I'm afraid not .
No , your uncle Jack is my brother , Bill is my brother-in-law , your mom's brother .
Stretching exercise after sitting a long time .
That is the best part . Your hotel is actually an old country villa that has been restored and refurbished to accommodate a maximum of that is guests . You will enjoy an intimate and private time in this
Yes , sure . Have a sweet dream !
And after the meeting ?
So , what did you get them ?
That's the reason I want to finish my B . A . in four years . Because I know I will be in school a long time . I want to start the M . A . and Ph . D . program as soon as possible .
Ok . And I ' d like to check these books out .
Thank you . Hopefully I won't have to call about him again .
Silly , you should make sure he does .
Hello , I was just looking for the guide .
What sort of problems do you have with these machines ?
I feel so tired .
I concentrate mostly on my legs , chest , arms and stomach .
Ok . You haven ' t seen my company car , have you ?
Don ' t be intimidated . There is a lot to sign , but I will explain everything to you very clearly .
May I help you , madam ?
Got it , Mom .
Nobody exercises any more-not even kids ! The average American home has the TV on for 6 hours a day !
I'd rather have meat .
that sounds exciting . Where did you go ?
I am frigid I can't be there on time .
Yes , I ' d like to reserve a room .
It's too late . You see , in our market October is the season for the kind of commodity . So the goods must be shipped before October or we won't be ready for the season .
Yes . But I don't know the exact time .
Nice day today , isn't it ?
Yeah . Two-toned , white and yellow .
Yes , that's quite all right for me . Can we change it ?
A bottle of champagne , lobster tail , and filet mignon , medium rare would hit the spot .
Yes . I appreciate all help and in particular , all the time that you've spent on my account during my stay here .
Tony Bush .
Thank you . My husband gave it to me .
Would you like some of coffee ?
What did your boss say ?
Be my guest .
Do you have any other computer qualifications ?
Haha , I just got the Ultraman costume . My Dad bought it .
Yeah . Also , we can have some Naan bread which is baked in a tandoori oven . Since you don ' t use any utensils to eat , you can use this bread to scoop up the curry or rice .
I'm not sure . But if you are only going to stay a year , I don't think Price Club is good to join . They have great deals occasionally . They are very good for people who like to buy new things all
I call the landlord right now .
Excuse me , sir . Didn't you see the red light ?
I see . By the way , China was more than once ruled by foreign tribes in history . Did they issue their own coins in China ?
There were some bad misses in his defence , so he lost it .
Congratulations on the new house !
Got it .
You ' re lying .
Can you name a few examples ?
Good morning , sir .
I want to stop off at my apartment to get changed so I should be there by 9 pm .
I don't think so , Maria , but I think you can look for information on the Internet .
You ' re right , I don ' t want to pay , but I don ' t want to live without pay , either .
Yes . It was sunny and warm yesterday but the wind is really blowing hard now .
So , why did you leave PCC ?
Please wait a moment while I check availability . Ah , I'm sorry , sir . We only have a double room available now .
She ' s my wife ! Oh , here ' s my floor ! Nice talking to you . Goodbye .
Alright , Ma'am . And what color did you want ?
I'd love to help if I can .
What salary do you get for your present position ?
I did but now I ' m for Microsoft . How are things with you ?
I'm going to New York .
Oh , I see . I also heard today is the last day for the street fair . Can ' t wait to sample all the snacks .
That's all right . When you come , ask for Smith , OK ?
Right . I ' ll have him call you back .
Is this your car ?
How about the price and the bank mortgage ?
And I can choose any color ?
Do you think they two will get married ?
if you get the promotion , what will your new title be ?
Should we remember all the new words and expressions ?
I'll say , she is really stacked , isn't she ?
I guess that you will really be dressing down .
It is half past one .
That ' s a good decision . They have many good job search tools there .
Hi , Francis .
shouldn't we finish writing this letter first ?
I'm sorry . I'll get you a new player .
I bet you eat a large evening meal , then sit and watch TV or read a book . Then instead of burning off your energy , your body stores it as fat .
I suppose this song can be the No . 1 on the top chart .
You are right . Our company ' s Christmas party has always been an amazing occasion for everybody to relax and get to know each other better . It is also a time to make new friends and do some networking .
I've got a bone to pick with you over your last shipment to Dalian . A part of the goods were damaged in transit .
Here is ten Yuan .
Hey , Mike . Can I ask you something ?
You don't look very well .
What you said gives me the creeps !
Sounds good , let me get that .
Craig , what do you do for work ?
You are the one I should thank . You've done really great job .
We do , as most hotels do .
Well then , where do I get it ?
Oh , no , I'm afraid not . These things are just too old to guarantee anything .
Well , it depends . Do you want to send it via priority , express or standard mail ?
I'd like you to replace this one without charge if you can .
I voted for our next President .
I'm afraid my association with Broadway musicals is rather limited .
Yes , of course . Step in , please !
Of course I ' m nervous .
Sure . What is it ?
That ' s true . But we have known each other over the Internet for a few months now . Actually we are on an intimate level . We even plan to be engaged next month .
Really ? Congratulations .
The exam ! The terrible exam ! I'm not ready yet . Can you tell me how to get good marks ?
That's all . Thank you .
What ' s your long term goal ?
Sure . The main courses are roast Beijing duck and fried eel slices .
No . I'm afraid I haven't had time since I got married .
I won ' t .
Fill it up with regular , please .
Do you mind if I come over to use your computer ?
Okay . Don't forget to call Susan .
We are through .
Any other ideas ?
Ok , but don't delay too long , or that trip will be all booked .
I just felt that the paper couldn ' t offer me any new opportunities . I really needed a more challenging role to be honest .
I think you've lost it .
How much for the shirts ?
This is Chinese made .
Let me see . En . Here is your baggage .
Cruise control ? I don't like that .
Good . After Stars . com starts paying us , we won't need Vikam's cash anymore .
Didn't I tell you ? It's over !
We are going to go through these bit by bit . You will have plenty of time to read the fine print .
So you have two brothers ?
Have you got any plans for the coming holiday ?
These are our cheapest coats , madam .
Would you like anything else ?
I guess I was stunned for a moment , then I quickly ran away to get help .
The Merriman satin sheets ?
Why do you choose this field as your career ?
Yes , I joined your group of bus tour this morning . You promised the journey will last 3 hours and we will visit 15 sightseeing spots .
How about the passengers ?
You can choose one type to make it as your background , and then find a music player and put your favorite songs into it , so your visitors can enjoy the music after entering into your zone .
I can't help you .
Got it . What's the proper time for tea ?
I know . I know !
Thanks and you too .
That's right . We are their sole PR sector business .
I already had that idea .
Just sign here , please .
I would like to exchange Chinese money into German currency please .
Yeah , good idea . We can put some lawn furniture outside next to the grill . I also set up the tent outside so we can hide from the sun if it gets too hot .
There are various choices of blood pressure medication that we can try .
Then this is the right bus . Move on , please . You're holding up the passengers . Tian'anmen Square is the last stop but one .
Why ? I'd just be dead tired for the rest of the day .
Bulldog 123 . Are you sure that's all ?
Oh , how interesting . And what about Larry and Rocky ?
The food was excellent , but Jane ordered a birthday cake , which they forgot about . So as you can see , you were not the only one .
I feel he is as cold as charity to me .
I don't know . Will you forgive me ?
Yes , I want to know exactly where the money is going . Give me a detailed report .
Take it easy . I have to cut my losses .
Yes , thank you very much .
What are you taking my blood for ?
You have made a good choice , sir . I drive an Accord myself . They are very solidly built machines , very reliable .
Yes , please ask her to call John Smith .
I passed College English Test Band 6 , with good skill in listening , speaking , reading , and writing . I haven't got any certificate of computer skills , because I don ' t think certificates are necessary if what ' s needed is merely operating a computer . I think practically , to know how to use a computer is more important . And I am quite familiar with Microsoft Office .
OK , here you are . Please sign your name here .
Do you have any plans for next Sunday evening ?
Very well , we have a couple of different options such as beaches , the wilderness , the countryside or even going to a spa for the weekend .
All right . Let ' s go .
What are step-sisters ?
A goal !
December 1st .
Good evening , sir . Welcome to the Comfort Inn .
Full insurance , please .
Of course . We both experienced a good cooperation .
Didn't Joe feel it a shame to live on his parents since he has graduated from college ?
That ' s all you ever think about , food ! Oh , I think the bride ' s coming now ! She looks gorgeous . Wait , what ' s she doing ? Where ' s she going ?
Let me check . Well , in October .
This is sure to be a worthwhile read .
Yeah , it's really convenient . The theater and Shopping Mall are within walking distance . Well , I got to go . I'll get in touch with you soon .
I'm afraid I've spilt ink all over the table-cloth .
Good morning . Mrs . Smith .
A pipe broke in my wall , and water is leaking .
I've wanted to be involved in engineering ever since I was little . And my study has equipped me with a career as a mechanical engineer .
If she has , they must be fair-weather friends .
Well , there are a lot of storybooks upstairs in our children's section . Some are written for young children , others for teens . Maybe some of them will suit your needs .
I ' m sorry to hear that .
It says No smoking .
Are you being served , Sir ?
Kentucky's ? Is that a chain restaurant ?
I don't know , but he gives me the creeps .
Good luck .
Well , do you have through tickets ?
have you ever been denied a visa before ?
Looking at the spice rack , I ' d say you ' Ve been learning how to make asian food .
Mine aren't so good , either .
And we got a 50 thousand dollar ticket for construction workers peeing off the roof .
They have two children-one son and one daughter-as well as one daughter-in-law and one son-in-law .
fantastic ! I got an overall score of eight .
Right . What are you going to do tonight ?
No , I have't got the chance to meet the famous professor yet .
Please tell him I'll call him at the office tomorrow afternoon .
One way or round trip ?
Ok , on that day , boys usually give roses to the sweet hearts and girls give them chocolate in return .
So now do you want a full-time job or part-time job ?
OK , it's my fault . I'll stay here and look after our stuff . You can get in , shopping with Daniel and May .
Yes , Jane says they will go to China .
Oh , Babe , I can ' t wait to spend the rest of my life with you ! I can ' t wait for all the adventures we ' re going to have , for all the fights and the laughter . I can ' t wait to grow old and wrinkly with you .
I came in response to your advertisement for a salesperson .
That is high .
Do you play basketball well ?
I can help you . How much money do you make per year ?
Just bring your laptop down here to the lobby . We're set up for wireless right here .
That ' s a nice dress . It ' s very smart .
What's the weather like in your country ? I suppose it must be warmer than here .
I opened my blog today . In order to have more visitors , I have to land on others ' blogs and leave my messages for their blogs .
Okay , I ' ll take this one . Does it come with batteries and a case ?
Um , I think there may be some leftover lasagna from the other day .
We'll have to make sure to come back here again real soon .
Do you mind if I go with you ?
That's all right . May you have a good trip !
Yes , and he also ...
Are you okay ?
Sure . Any specific reason I should know about in case people ask where you are .
Most animals are not locked up in tiny cages . Rather , they are set in almost natural surroundings or well-tended gardens .
Can you show me how to make an overseas call ?
He's really a good player .
Fine then ! Would you mind giving me 100 bucks ?
Good coming , sir .
My pal , you are so nervous recently . You don't need to be like that .
I think it ' s wonderful to see people from all over the world taking part in such a great event .
For how many people ?
That is OK sometimes .
Call me tomorrow then .
Do you ride this bus often ?
It's nothing serious actually , doctor . It ' s ... Well , I get tired very easily recently , and I often doze off during meetings , office hours and sometimes even while I'm dining .
Goodness me ! What a choice ! I think I ' ll have a cappuccino please .
Your mp3 looks so cool . Where did you get it ?
When will it begin ?
He had barely survived the third audition and finally got a chance to advance in the contest . Fortunately , in the third audition , he has won popularity among the audience . And that's when I started to notice him .
That sounds like fun .
With this agreement we can bring over you many benefits . For example , head offices of your group companies can get really prompt integrated fund transfers and centralised allocations . This helps internal supervision and admin run smoothly .
We can transfer the funds each month , at your request , into each employee's account . It is possible to pay in cash or to pay directly to the employee's savings account , no matter which bank they do business with .
Oh , it ' s a pity . What was the matter ?
Not bad , but I'm a little tired .
Let me see ... I'm sorry , but we don't have any more non-smoking rooms . We won't charge you for your room tonight .
Thanks for saying that .
Yes , but dinner was excellent
Than you , I'm not late , am I ?
What are the fundamental course ?
ok , I'll be back with two fried bananas in a few minutes . Wait for me here !
The Giants ?
I want a shirt .
No , Mom . I'm really sick .
Excuse me . Could you please take a picture of us with this camera ?
Two yuan , please .
Yes . Could you tell me how to send some money to someone with an account with a bank in Germany ?
What else is wrong with it ?
I hear the drinks and food there are moderately priced . You should be fine .
Pretty good . Mary , I was wondering if you would like to come to a party on Friday night ?
There are people everywhere . What ' s that girl doing ?
We went to Malaysia and Thailand .
Yeah , I think so ! I pledged Phi Iota Alpha , so I'm living at the frat house now .
Bring me one and besides , I would like to have a chicken cream soup .
Xu spikes it ! Wow , what a great hit ! The Brazilian blockers anticipated the play and tried to block him but he managed to get the ball in ! Great play .
It's so that I can be put into the right math and English classes , right ?
Excuse me , are you Miss Green ?
I'm sorry . I'm already doing something this Friday .
Of course . I'm not very busy at the moment . If you can wait for about 15 or 20 minutes . I can take you there .
Next month . I think . Are you going to sign up ?
What do you think then ?
Good morning ! Can you help me , please ? I'm looking for some books for my mother .
Yes . I am thinking of a tour to Australia .
I ' m renting this apartment out for $ 1050 a month .
I can believe that .
And sorry . I can't find the price . How much is it ?
No . It was that friend of yours , Melissa . Her and all her lousy country music Cds . Yecch !
They sure did .
I have a bone to pick with you .
No way ! Do you have a flavors you don't like ?
Absolutely . She's a teacher of aerobics .
The food there is pretty good .
I bet . You must be stoked .
Come on ! A little labor , much health .
Wow , this's sinking a hole .
And , is it what you found ?
Is there any provision on applying for the patent for foreign company ?
It doesn ' t matter to me .
Oh , Tom ! They sound fantastic . I really like all those things .
The door bell doesn't work , the sink is leaking , there's no hot water , and the building is falling apart !
That's it ! That ' s the one I was thinking of ! I told you I'd remember it !
Would you please let me know when we get to the stop ? I am a stranger here .
Zina , can I talk to you about something personal ?
Of course . When would you like the call ?
Welcome . I could use the help .
It's a luminous watch with a time-reminder function .
Sure , my name is Ana Ferris . Don ' t worry about it , it happens to me all the time . I ' m terrible with names too .
All that exercise in a little pool ! Do I have to pay anything ?
Well ... ? Have you thought of it yet ?
I will think about it .
Is this Zhang Lin's home ?
I met him through a computer bulletin board .
Fine , I'll be expecting you .
Not only is it affordable , but it comes with all the appliances .
Of course not . You know , there are many foreign customers like you here . And I think it's good for me to improve my oral English .
I think we should do a few things at once . Improving public transport would encourage people to use that . If we also charge people to use their cars in the city centre , they won ' t use their cars as much .
I've got some bad news about the bike you lent me .
Are you kidding ? It's winter . Why would I open it ?
Fine too .
What is the weather like in Washington at this time of this year ?
When she told me that she would marry no man but Dick , my heart was almost in my mouth .
I talked with the manager over the phone and he told me I can have it reissued because I have a copy of my lost ticket .
Yes . Do you have any flight to Paris on 15th ? I want one leaving in the afternoon .
It is a new restaurant . I don't think they have their act together yet .
that's a good idea . Do they usually accept the food ?
Alright , no problem .
Thank you . It's fine .
Hi , Lucy . What are you going to do this weekend ?
Why do you want to work in our company ?
$ 79 a night .
I'm going to need to see your ID and $ 27 for your permit .
Good luck to them .
We're forming a study group to prepare for the finals . Do you want to join us ?
I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it ?
I think I would like the pants pleated . I am not sure about the jacket though as I'm a little overweight .
My strengths are my caring about getting the job done . I am very results-driven and have been able to meet all my deadlines in past jobs . As far as weaknesses , I really enjoy my work , and sometimes I put in too much time . But I am aware of my tendency to overwork and have learned to pace myself more .
Henry , do you know how much we spent this month ?
I know in your resume that you have worked in your present company for 3 years . Can you tell me why you want to leave your present job and join us ?
Since we live in the same neighbourhood , maybe we can help each other from now on .
Me ? I guess so . I've lived here for about six years now . Have you lived in America very long ?
Partly , and he's also a hard working man .
Do you think Mr . Johnson is a good worker ?
At 13:15 .
They're always asking me to come home , but I think our relationship is better if we keep a distance from each other . Whenever we see each other , all we do is fight .
I know . But why are you suddenly interested in lessening your salt intake ?
I'm sorry Mrs wang , but Mrs Fu is not in at the moment .
There are no countries marked on the map .
Is everything ready for the Christmas party ?
My major is Business Administration , I am especially interested in Marketing .
How do you figure that ?
Well , it's hard to say . I cough a lot in the evening .
A Mac it is . I'll take one home with me .
And what will you do if you don ' t have enough cash ?
Oh , it's nothing to speak of .
Really ? I know you are very concerned about the environment . You were a member of the pressure group Greenpeace , weren ' t you ?
I twisted and turned all night , and couldn ' t sleep . I was worried about my mother ' s health .
Could you tell me what university you went to , Mr . Smith ?
No , I'm scared of cats .
Are you crazy ?
There is evidence ! You know Edwin Hubble ? He ' s the guy who in the early twentieth century was the first scientist to measure the drift of matter in the universe , thus advancing notions of an expanding universe . What would it be expanding from ? Well , the Big Bang ... DUH !
Could you send someone to fix it today ?
Oh , my god . What happened ? Are we dying ?
Pretty well . Everyone is working hard .
Over there .
Great . I got to try so many things for the first time .
I did that .
Because everyone is trying to butter him up .
Uh ... how well do you play ?
I'd like to withdraw some money .
That's wise .
I see your point . However , it might be hard to get a raise approved . Profits were down last quarter , and the whole company is tightening its belt , so anything that affects the annual budget
Wow , Good for you . It sounds like a lot of work . I'm proud of you ! Is this the right building ?
Hello ! Is there anything I can help you with ?
( later ) Here ' s your card , sir . You ' re all checked in . let me just tell you about a few of our services . We have free breakfast in the lounge from 7:00- 9:00 . You call the receptionist to arrange
I'd like to confirm a reservation , please . My name is Wang Lin . My flight is KF98 .
Yes , they are like I said we have thunderstorms . But each one usually last a few hours . Then the skys are clear again .
Oh , will you ? That's too bad . We ' re very sorry to cause you a lot of trouble .
Wait a minute . I didn't catch you there . Could you repeat that ?
My pleasure .
Yes , but that doesn't include cable . It's for cleaning and trash removal . You just leave your trash outside your door .
Admittedly , I hope it is a job in line with my specialty . But I will make the best effort to do the job whatever is assigned to me .
Okay . Stay home Sunday . But Friday we should go out dancing .
I don't quite remember . Why did you ask that ?
Oh , God ! I didn't touch anybody . How can I commit a foul ?
I think it's time you took another dose of each . What would you like to drink with them ?
I see . Which subject did you put last then ?
The advertised rate is based on double occupancy .
Hello , and welcome to IBA . Which service do you require ?
With invoking ? No , thanks .
Yikes ! Temple City .
Why don't you go ?
Well , yes , I am . I'm worried about my work . I've just taken a new job . I earn a lot of money but it's difficult work . I'm always afraid of making a mistake .
Of course ! I remember he has a part-time job as a stock analyst .
Hi , I ' m Henry Wilson from number 37 .
Did I ?
I'm sure you have great connections .
He never see eye to eye with me .
I just found out that my husband is cheating on me .
About 2 weeks .
Nice meeting you , too .
I ' m interested in all kinds of your products , but this time I would like to order some fireworks and mosquito coil incense . Please quote us C . I . F . Rangoon .
Next Saturday , I'm going to have a party .
Well I had several tests and an oral presentation this week so I didn ' t get a chance to memorize the second page , but I think I mastered the tricky section .
All right . What should I take ?
I'd like to have a couple of complete sets of paper money and coins .
I ' m never coming back .
Yes , of course . It seems made to measure .
What are you going to wear ?
What are you getting donations for ?
I know . You just add milk , eggs and a little oil to the baking mix and stir ...
Did you go to Berlin ?
I can call a plumber to fix it right now .
A good choice . I prefer that one myself .
Not on your life ! I'm the best man , so I pay !
I can ' t help that .
OK . You are good . Hope to see you next time . I'll call you if you get picked for next test .
Well , there's nothing very much wrong with you , I'm glad to say . You ' re working too hard and worrying too much . Do you take much exercise ?
I enjoy chicken salads .
25 yuan by air , 13 yuan by sea .
You have so many antiques and Chinese paintings here . May I have a look first ?
Good evening . can I help you ?
What did you do last week ?
Oh , thank God . We all felt frightened by the bad new about him .
Well ... er ... it is just ... just that I ...
My left arm .
That means this one .
Let's get this card for mom , it's funny .
I see . We have various rental periods . How long would you like to rent it for ?
Let me see . I am sorry . ZW203 is the only one to New York .
I just heard that you won the long-distance race . Congratulations on your victory .
Yes , I am . Say , are you going to wear that outfit to the party ?
What subject do you like best ?
Oh ! I've just come back from Canada and I've brought a parcel from her parents
In the summer it gets very hot . The temperature is between often 37 and 40 centigrade . When it is hot we often get rains . The winters are drier .
How much is the soft sleeper ?
Is this the accounting department ?
Hi .
I'll just go and check for you .
Sure . How about the brown one ?
My present address is No . 415 Green Street . This is also my permanent address .
Are you sure there is enough paint for the house ?
I would really appreciate it if we could talk for a few minutes now . It's about the overtime you've asked me to put in .
Someone in the main office has a nephew who he thinks can slide right into the Management position I wanted .
Right , so we must spare some time to attend selective courses .
It has just occurred to me that there is still another possibility to ensure a prompt delivery of the goods .
I didn't minor in any subject when I was in university , but I attended English and computer courses . And I am currently studying finance in a training school .
You know , interest is the best teacher .
Well , I am a little bit out of shape . I think I should get some exercise to keep fit . what kind of service do you offer ?
Really ? That's great . You really did a good job . Anything else to tell me ?
The monthly sticker is $ 24 , but the actual pass is free .
I hope he can come later .
That's OK . A month is enough for you to learn the basic movements . It would be great to have you with us on the show .
Sure , but you must verify that first and don't easily make a promise .
No , I don ' t like football .
I am looking for a newspaper article .
Can I have my money back on this skirt ?
Wait a second , please . Oh , it's CA193 .
Is there an extra charge to reserve the room ?
I was wondering what kind of resume do you prefer , an e-resume or a paper one ?
How about next Friday ?
Fantastic ! I got an overall score of eight .
Okay . Let ' s clear the air . What are you getting at ?
I want some coffee .
The main product of Chende is various kinds of ferine mushroom and the almond . The mushroom tastes really good , and it is very different from the common mushrooms , and the snack made of almond is delicious .
Thank you all for coming to our monthly staff correlation meeting . Today we have a lot of new things to introduce to you all , there will be a lot of changes in company policy to accommodate better employee welfare .
Tom , promise me to keep this a secret , will you ?
You're darn Toomin ' , you know ! Now , you're on housework duty while I'm here !
Sounds good . What did you have in mind ?
I think I might just go to the movies .
Operator , I want to make a correct oversea phone call to Beijing .
Where did you go ?
Do you find it difficult to get to sleep , or do you wake up early ?
Hum ... I say 5 500 yuan . That's as cheap as it can get .
Why ? What's the problem ?
Oh , I haven't decided what I'm going to do yet .
Yes , it happens . That is what happens in big snowstorms . People get stranded for days .
I'm sorry to hear that . What kind of movie do you like ?
I don ' t blame you . You ' Ve had a busy first week . Take a rest !
Hey , Mark , long time no see .
Oh , I see . In their culture women should put family first .
Yes , besides Mao Tai , we have Wu Liang Ye , Fen Jim and so on .
I am completely serious .
I got rid of that clunker . This is my new one .
I would like to have a continental breakfast .
I agree that 20 % would be just about right .
Thanks very much .
It's just a waste of cash , man !
Tell me about it ! We drank everything in the bar !
I would like to have a pair of trousers made to measure .
Well , in the past , three or four generations would live together under the same roof . Nowadays , living in the same city as one's relatives is becoming rare .
Hurry ! It is time for me to steal something .
Sure . It's really very easy . First , mix together an egg , two teaspoons of salt , and two pounds of ground beef . Then , add two ounces of milk . Are you with me ?
Dad , I want to draw with crayons , can I ?
I'm so sorry , I've been held up by the damn traffic jam for half an hour . I'd have arrived but for that .
Good afternoon , Ma ' am , My name is Mike and I am selling subscriptions to all sorts of periodicals .
Well , thank you very much for all that information . Could you give me a quotation for my consignment now ?
But we can't have thirteen for dinner !
It's a ETV palace ! I'm glad I brought my platinum card .
That's why I am going to leave .
Yes , I will . Take care , then .
Would you consider a volume discount ?
According to the documentary , they have an incredible ability to find water supplies , however small , and then store them without losing much through evaporation .
And it gives you money ?
How are the children doing in your class , Jane ?
Sure . That'll be 40 yuan , please .
Yes . Wait for me at the cafe down my office building . Say 5 PM , ok ?
What are you doing now , Steven ?
Which train do you catch in the evening ?
Oh , he wants to practice his language skills , too .
No , of course not . Just in case . Nothing to worry about . Don't you also do this in China ?
No , honey , it's easy if you know the way .
Tonight is a party night ! What drinks do you think we need ?
We are at 2368 King Street East .
Ah , got it . Ideal Life School , programs
I think mum should not take sides . After all , we are all her children .
No , I Don't . Either I shape up or my job is on the line .
OK , let ' s go check out the kitchen next .
Possibly , but I still miss them ! What bothers me is that the heat makes the caddies ' life quite hard . One member's caddy fainted last week !
I especially love the night air when it rains .
How much time do you need ?
You can take No . 1 bus or taxi
Excuse me . Is anyone in that seat next to you ?
it's my mother . She's sick and needs someone to take care of her . I'm the only one who can do it .
Do you usually have a birthday party ?
Oh , good . That'll be the number forty four ?
Good idea . Shall we search on line to find an appropriate one or go to a phone store ?
I'll go down there as soon as I can !
Espresso is made with a machine that forces steam and boiling water through finely ground coffee . It's strong .
Fine . I'd like to reserve one for next Tuesday .
I look forward to seeing you soon . Goodbye !
I know that . I mean I couldn't understand her at all .
Hong Kong again . I would like to go somewhere different for a change .
It looks good . Pack me a bouquet of violet , please .
Oh , the music has stopped . Thank you for the dance .
Do you feel all right ?
But yesterday you said you would rent it .
I am not really sure that I remember how to even put a resume together .
It smells sweet .
That is the library . And it has more than 1,000 , 000 books .
The price can be talked over . How about coming around and taking a look at it first ?
I don't know whether she has it bad for me , but she enjoys being with me .
Good , yes , your tonsils are a little swollen and red . How are your ears , blocked at all ?
I would really like to bring my friend Jake , if that would be OK .
No , but we have it in yellow .
About 2 days .
Not yet .
The company will assign you housing subsidies at 400 yuan a month .
You will be fined .
Thank you so much for helping me .
No hat for me , but I'm getting this cool pair of shades .
They want raises and medical insurance , and I think they want to clean up the factory's safety hazards . That's probably the most important issue .
I see you have bought the latest copy of beauty and fashion . Are there any interesting articles in it ?
Only one .
Oh , I took a shine to him when we met for the first time . But it comes and goes .
No . Only a little . I fell off my porch .
Why don't you sit in the back with me ?
These pajamas don't fit right . They're too long .
James Taylor , 23 , March 30,1982 .
Good afternoon , Mr . Stein . I wonder if you are free tomorrow evening ?
What ' s the score ?
Why , thank you . I wasn't sure if it looked okay or not . I can't believe all the words the salesgirl said .
Yes , here is our offer , 30,000 skirts at 200 yuan per skirt , FOB New York . You will find our price comes in line with the prevailing market .
Did you think it wasn't real ? That's my pet lizard .
I think that is really cool of you .
Hi , it is a pleasant surprise !
Let me see . En .. it's right now . You can try it .
But it is really worthwhile .
Every two weeks you will receive a Continued Claim Form that you must turn in .
Sure . If people are near in blood , they might pass on some genetic disease to the next generation .
I do , but it still does not cover everything .
Okay . This trail looks the best . It's a little steep . But I'm sure it will be alright .
Oh no you didn ' t . You didn ' t just insult the Sals-bury Seals , did you ? Why don ' t you just . just go and return all of those stupid clothes and not come back until the sales are over ?
Sure , he's ready to be friendly with anyone .
I'm sure there'll be canned ! And there also might be some legal consequences .
1 % ? That ' s too low a rate . Could you see your way to increase it to 2 % ? .
I love apartment hunting . I ' ll be happy to go with you .
Yes , we have a seat available on that flight on the thirteenth .
Our reservation number is J - 221 .
And then of course the ladies at the church would love to be our caterers for the banquet and we ' ll get the Youth Group to serve us . I was thinking that your friend ' s band could be our entertainment for the night . though they might have to tone it down a bit . Or we could hire a DJ . Your sister ' s husband could get us a discount with that company that does the decor at weddings . what ' s their name again ? I was thinking that we could have an island paradise-themed wedding and our theme color would be a soothing blue like Aquamarine . And there will be a huge seashell on the wall behind the podium where we ' ll make our toasts ! What do you think of small packages of drink mixes for our wedding favors ? Who else am I missing ? Oh , your uncle could be our florist and his wife could make our wedding cake !
Really ? Oh , well , in that case we should play together some time . What's your handicap ?
Your front bumper is just as damaged .
Well , everything we've discussed seems to be here .
To my mind , the success of Digest is in the clever selection of its articles in each issue .
OK . I'll have a try .
How do you shoot pool ?
Oh , that would be too small .
Where are you going , Tony ?
You are welcome !
Sorry , I have no idea . You can call him there if you like .
Well , Anthony , this is not going to be an easy conversation . The company has made some decisions which will have a direct impact on your employment .
Good afternoon ! Where to ?
Calm down , sir . We ' ll call her to make sure she ' s on the way .
Just straight .
I don ' t have another one .
I'm very sorry for that , but I sent you several messages to explain , my mom was seriously ill , and I had to look afer her .
So , how often do you work out ?
We don't know , but he's going to the doctor tomorrow .
that's really cool ! I've always dreamed of going somewhere like Tibet , seeing something unique .
I believe they are careful calculations on proteins , vitamins and calories .
It's smashed in .
Would you please weight this letter for me ?
I need your background information before the meeting .
I've got it under control .
Hi , Joe .
OK , OK , I ' ll go .
Although I could not say that everything is perfect there , I still very much appreciate what the company has given me , especial many chances .
Yeah ! Remember that one about putting light bulbs in your mouth ?
Good morning . I came in answer to your advertisement for a salesperson .
Lisa , can I call Taiwan ?
So what does this plan include ?
I'm coming from Fair Oaks and Las Flores Drive in Altadena .
OK . Can I have your original ID card and tw0 2 - inch photos ?
How many languages can you speak in addition to your mother tongue ?
I live in the Haitian District .
John is a peacemaker . He simply doesn ' t bother . He says he should give him a free hand .
no . what's it like ?
Did someone meet you at the airport here ?
That's why I think it may suit my needs .
Yeah . And I'm going by bus .
Yes , of course . Do you like a jade necklace ?
OK , that's perfect , 70 % is excellent , it'll be a big help . Thanks .
You want something to drink ?
I'm afraid the cardboard boxes are not strong enough for ocean transportation .
Good afternoon . Have a seat , please . You are Mr . Sun ?
Don't worry . I will find someone to assist you .
6 500 yuan . You will get it on the price tag .
Did you pass the test your first try ?
The London Weekly right .
Well , people sometimes set off firecrackers , some people burn paper money as an offering and many people go to a temple to burn incense . Mainly though , you need to feed the ghosts because they're hungry .
You ' re right .
Oh , it's too spicy for me . Don't you remember last time when I tasted the lamb ? It Was so spicy my eyes teared up !
Now , you are to board the plane . We ' re sorry that we haven't done much to help you when you stayed in China .
It's fantastic .
Yeah . Can I look at this ring ?
Do you have enough money ?
You really want me to cook tonight ?
God save me ! Is there anything wrong with you ? Didn't I tell you ?
So how did I do ?
Would you mind waiting in the lounge for 10 minutes ? I am sure I can arrange you a table then .
That sounds absolutely disgusting !
Oh , yes . I should be there sometime next spring .
And the other half come in later to pick up the second wave .
It was nice to see you , too . And please give my regards to Mrs . Robbins .
I didn ' t think much of it . Are you ?
Just alive ? I guess you are some lucky guy . I heard you are going out with Jane .
A good suggestion for you . You need a holiday .
Paul failed again .
No . Only a few pounds . But my passport was in the bag . That ' what I ' m really worry about .
Yes , you're right . Maybe there's any other reason .
What's the fee for application ?
Of course . I'm currently the subscriber of 10 different fashion magazines .
Are you coming or not ?
Could you take us to the Fifth Avenue ?
What ' s wrong ? That was a great goal .
Yes . I ' ll have a room free next week .
So what kind of demands do they have ? What are they asking for specifically ?
Organic Chemistry is my specialty .
Cool ! Is that why we only work eight hours now ?
I'm thinking of dropping out .
What do you do there ?
Yes . We had a big talk with him , and he has really turned over a new leaf .
I see . Please call us again for any further reservation . Thanks for calling us .
Certainly . After all , I've been here for two years . It's not much uphill work for a foreigner to get used to Chinese dinner utensils . Though , I do feel hazy about how to behave appropriately at a Chinese dinner table .
I think if you try some more authentic Chinese food , you might understand how we students from Taiwan suffer .
If you bring them back with your receipt within seven days , you'll get a full refund . Also , if you need alterations to the pants , just bring them in and we'll do them for free .
I am great . How are you ?
It may comfort you to know that many people attended his viewing .
How are you doing today ?
I'm working on Saturday mornings this month . Are you getting up ?
Dutch , where is that ?
She went to the store to buy some groceries . Would you like to leave a message ?
I want to try something different today .
How about seven ?
Yeah , and they messed my order up too .
I wouldn't lie about something like that .
Laura ...
Pretty , is she ?
The channel boats are quite fast , aren't they ?
Yes , do you have a wine list ?
Have you been to the Queen Street West ?
That's because we have a strong lock .
Smells good ! I ' ll make some coffee . Do you want me to make you some eggs ?
Yeah , we had a great time . And we're going to go there again next week !
I want a big pan .
I think you're hallucinating ! What are you talking about ?
Hi , Ms . Seymour ? It ' s Allan Parker . I ' Ve been waiting to call you and thank you for all your help last week .
Don't panic ! We'll help you get out of the building safely .
Mr . : Why don't you sit behind Brad ?
Could I help you on your new project ?
Thank you . that will be all . I ' ll take care of it .
Would you kindly spell it for me ?
Oh , darling , we must stand shoulder to shoulder and face the music . I know you can pull yourself together .
Um , this steak , I asked for to be medium rare .
Give me a sec .
Ok , go ahead .
Do you take traveller ' s check ?
We'll have to discuss the problem later .
Twenty of them are going abroad to China and America .
Better take the subway . It ' s faster , and more convenient .
And this one ? Too flashy ?
It's this cold weather we're having .
How are you going to find an apartment ?
Ok . Let ' s make is next Monday . I n the end , you need to fill out the application form .
Well , let's stop dragging our feet and find a Sichuan hot pot restaurant for dinner !
That's good for me , but do you think you'll be back by then ? I'd really like to see you .
Ok . This man is tall and slim . He ' s got blue eyes and curly brown hair .
Do you usually travel by bus ?
Why don't you come round for a meal one evening next week ?
Just for yourself ?
We are open from nine to nine . So be sure to be back by then .
I think you should reconsider and do some more research about tattoos . Also , find out where the nearest tattoo parlor is and make sure they used sterilized needles , and that the place is hygienic .
Not exactly . The scam keeps on going , with the people at the bottom paying more and more money until they reach the very bottom .
Oh , you look stunning . Your dress really goes well with your shoes .
Well , I also have ...
Mr . Drake , I'm pleased to do business with your company .
Just so-so . You ' re doing all right ?
Do you want some salad dressing ?
Problem and disputes occur mainly due to difference in the laws of countries involved . For this very reason , it is imperative to establish from the outset which law governs when disputes arise . The most fundamental principle of all international contracts is the applicable laws and regulations . Make sure that the arbitration clause in your business contract be all-inclusive .
I see . And what's in this bag ?
So , where is this bus supposed to take us ?
I would like it with no salt , please .
I think that ' s settled .
Er ... what else can I tell you ? Er ... she's got ... er a ... round face , a very round face , and a very big mouth , sort of wide mouth , when she laughs , her face is all mouth .
I want to take a photograph .
We are short of staff today .
That sounds like my Grandmother . She was always stubbornly independent .
Oh , it ' s been uh ... fifteen minutes .
Well , it does have a lot of girls in it .
I don ' t have any symptoms of high blood pressure .
I ' m sorry , dad . But you can ' t do that . It ' s for me to decide .
Well , I've been browsing online , but I ' m not really sure what to do about payment . I would like to know what the most convenient way to do it is .
All right ... Tilt your head to the right , please .
Fine , thank you , sir . It ' s nice to see you again .
No , I can only carry on a simple conversation in French .
How many kinds of foreign invoices are there ?
Well , last night I went out with some journalists for a casual party , but I was overdressed . I wore what I consider casual - - an outfit of skirt , blouse , scarf , and medium heels ... you know .
Did you see Ally Mabel last night ?
Take the same number bus going in the other direction . There's a stop right across the street .
Well , they ' Ve got the money and she ' s going tomorrow for treatment .
I've never experienced such a kind of feeling .
That's really cheap . What are the fees included ?
I'm afraid I can't agree with you .
The doctor has an opening at 10:30 tomorrow . I'll put you down for then .
He told me that his friend's car broke down and they had to walk home .
But my friends will have jobs and lots of fun , while I spend all my time doing reading and writing .
What ! I resent that !
I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours . Let's just take the bus .
I sure can .
Hello , the International Hotel . May I help you ?
That's 20 dollars . Keep the change !
Yes , I have confirmed your ticket .
Yes , honey ...
My major is English . Of course I'll apply for an English teacher .
Nothing , thanks . I am just not in the mood these days .
Wow , what is in this chicken dish ?
How do you spend your afternoons ?
I know it's awkward , but you're going to be thanking me later . I'm going to make you rich .
Which season do you like best ?
What happened to my cup ?
Yeah , you're right .
You ' re not nervous ?
I have got a run . Can you tell me where is the restroom ?
yes . I hope it pans out . Cross your fingers , Lily .
Is it a color TV or a black and white TV ?
I can't stand making decisions . You choose !
I see . Do you remember how much you paid for your ticket ?
Certainly . What can I do for you ?
Are you also going to Beijing ?
What are you guys doing over there ?
I know that , but making a lot of money makes me crazy .
We have various kinds of wine . As for an appetizer , I advise you to order white wine or dry white wine .
Oh , I ' m sorry .
Fine , we will cancel it .
Good luck with your life .
Where are you going to spend your holidays this year , Harry ?
Like renewing my passport , going to the travel agency to buy my plane ticket and figuring out what to do with my apartment while I'm gone .
What's so special about this song ?
What kind of visuals should I use to support the presentation ? Do you think I should use PowerPoint ?
Right . Well , given that your colleagues are working so hard on this project , I suppose we could change that deadline to Monday morning , I won't have time to look over it on the weekend anyway .
Superb ! It's a 4 megapixel one and the photos it takes are very vivid and clear .
You don't do much in porcelain tiles and ornaments , do you ?
Yes , I am . But I'm not sure if I'm eligible .
Yes . Why ?
Well , there is no problem there . But she seemed to think that you were angry when she refused , and that your motives are personal and not professional .
How did you feel at the very beginning ?
It will be ready right away .
No more today , honey .
That isn ' t a problem .
homeless youth can easily become involved with drugs and prostitution . Do you do anything to help them ?
Yes , I've been wanting it short for a while now .
Have you bought a burial plot and a casket ?
Well , I've lost my wallet and my ID card .
Yes . I have three sons . Actually I also have a grandson .